Risk appetite is completely alive and
well.
>> We're in an environment where liquidity
is incredibly important.
>> This market is still very dependent on
the AI trade.
>> a sector that's in the middle of a super
cycle.
>> The enthusiasm is hard to overlook right
now.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and
Annmarie Hordern.
>> I'm Annmarie Hordern alongside Danny
Burger today. Jonathan and Lisa are off.
We just heard from the President of the
United States alongside the Qatari Emir
at the G7 taking place in France. And
really, Danny, came out strongly in
defense of his deal because we are
seeing a lot of pushback, especially in
the press, that this doesn't really go
far enough in terms of meeting the
President's expectations and the red
lines he had set forth when it comes to
Iran.
>> It's still details that we're waiting
for. Exactly what this MOU will be. We
heard from the Vice President also
saying that there's not much text to it.
It's only a few pages. The President,
though, also been very clear in his
frustration about Benjamin Netanyahu.
And Annmarie, you've been talking about
this. This is one of the uncertainties
of this deal. It's clear that Israel is
unhappy. What does that mean for the
sustainability of any agreement to
really be reached if Israel doesn't
comply?
>> Right, and that's not an issue for the
Iranians as well. Think about what
Georgia Meloni, the Italian leader, is
saying that she wants to make sure that
what's going on in Lebana- Lebanon with
Hezbollah is wrapped up before they
start to send vessels to help the United
States. The President said that that
would be a minor war right now, what's
going on with Israel and Hezbollah. But
he did say, to your point, I'm not happy
with the way Israel has handled
themselves with Lebanon and with
Hezbollah. They should have been able to
do the job faster. It just goes on
forever. When that happens, it throws a
negative light on the big deal, and
that's the deal with Iran.
>> It's clear, though, that the President
wants to put this in the rearview
mirror. In fact, that's exactly what he
said. He said that Iran is now in the
rearview mirror, that this war is over.
He also gets
congratulations from Ursula von der
Leyen on this deal. But Anne Marie, for
this market, yes, it is rallying, but
how much conviction is there behind it?
It seems at the moment it's a lot of
short covering. Maybe in order to get
that conviction, you need a clear deal
to come to fruition. We need more
details of exactly what Friday looks
like. And this is what Jim Reid of
Deutsche Bank was talking about this
morning. And we do have a little bit of
stabilization this morning in markets.
Yesterday, the S&P 500 closed just short
of its record high. And he says in part
that comes as there's still a lot of
question marks over how the deal will be
implemented as we don't have the full
details or the text yet. So, we do have
equities a little bit mixed this
morning, but yesterday as I said, we're
just short of S&P 500
hitting an all-time high. So, relatively
flat this morning. We do have yields
though, and Dan, we have to talk about
this. Yields a little bit lower. How
much is this going to help Kevin Warsh
as he kicks off his two-day meeting
today with the FOMC newly minted Fed
chair. We are now going to be in a Kevin
Warsh era.
>> It is hugely helpful for him if this
risk is removed. And as we're just
discussing, there are a lot of question
marks there. I do think it's interesting
though. Equities have been in gung-ho
rally mode within 1% of all-time highs.
Treasuries though, yes, they've been
rallying, but not as dramatically. We're
still just about 4.45%
on Treasuries. We're still pricing in a
one and about one in four odds that
we'll get a hike by the end of the year.
Used to be one in three, so that's
better. But before this war, we weren't
pricing in any hike. So, it is still a
bond market that says we need something
to have more conviction. It's not just
Friday, but it's also Kevin Warsh. We
need to see if he's really as dovish as
he had been discussing when it was
candidate Warsh.
>> And all that helping him, of course, the
fact that we have oil prices lower. The
president said yesterday the street will
open on Friday. A lot of people are
pushing back. They don't think we can
have a full reopening as that soon as
Friday. This is going to take weeks. But
WTI $78.93.
We've seen these oil markets just
completely soften up with the president
saying that's opening up. And then
Danny, just quickly, we've got to check
on SpaceX. What an incredible, stunning
first few days of trading. It's about to
overtake the market cap of Amazon.
Potentially, we could see that happen
today.
>> I mean, it it rallied what? 20%
yesterday? Just 19? It It rallied 19.2%
on its first day, too. At the moment,
look, there there is some mechanical
buying, right? You need to get this
thing into indexes because of all the
rules that have changed, basically all
of them for the except the S&P.
So, you have this demand that's very
clear in the market, and the supply is
really limited, but it just goes to show
this thing is probably going to be
volatile for the next, I don't know,
until the end of the year, for months to
come. We are going to get a lot more
supply of SpaceX stock coming online
post earnings throughout the rest. So,
it's going to take a while to get true
price discovery for this thing.
>> Yeah, Greg Baddle yesterday was talking
about how there's a few liquidity events
coming up, and this is going to be
incredibly volatile. But this morning,
SpaceX in pre-market, up more than 10%.
Coming to the program, Keith Lerner of
Truist as tech pushes pushes equities
higher. Former Deputy National Security
Advisor Victoria Coates as President
Trump declares the Strait of Hormuz will
reopen on Friday. And the former Fed
Governor Betsy Duke maintaining Kevin
Warsh is still a hawk. We begin this
hour with stocks looking for direction
as investors hope to build on
tech-fueled gains. Keith Lerner of
Truist giving the bull market the
benefit of the doubt. Writing lower oil
should help extend the recent broadening
even as hotter growth, inflation, and
rising equity supply pose risk. Keith
joins us now for more. Keith, what do
you think the real main driver of this
market is right now? Is it the fact that
we're getting a little bit of an extra
push given the fact that the president
says he has this deal with Iran and the
street will reopen on Friday.
>> Yeah, well, uh great to be with both of
you uh this morning. You know, I I this
is I think there's a couple of different
factors. Um off the rebound, it's really
been all about rotation. So, even though
we talked about the S&P hasn't, you
know, broken to new highs yet, if you
look around, we're seeing many indices
break to new highs. So, we had the equal
weight index at new highs, small caps at
new highs, industrials at new highs, the
Dow Jones industrials at new highs. So,
what is that telling us? To me, that's
telling us that the market is sensing an
economy that's been very resilient and
probably continues to be somewhat strong
as we see oil prices come down. Think
about all the things this this economy
has has to grapple with and it's still
creating jobs all of a sudden, which is
against the uh consensus. And then the
last point I'll make is going back to
the yield conversation. We're seeing um
that being a reflection, I think, of
economic growth because inflation
expectations have been coming down. So,
all in all, I I think the economic
backdrop is somewhat strong and um
again, this inflation backdrop is
improving somewhat on the back of lower
oil prices.
>> May I just play devil's advocate, Keith?
And this comes in the form of Goldman
Sachs's trading desk. So, I'll let them
do the talking, not me. Essentially,
they argue that if you look at the
market action that we've seen so far
this week, it's reminiscent of short
covering. It's not any true conviction
when you got the things that hadn't been
playing along all of a sudden starting
to catch up, like the equal weighted
measure, for example, outperforming the
S&P. Do you see conviction in this
market, Keith?
>> Yeah, I I just have a different
perspective on this. I mean, you know,
when you see the the tech sector, which
we pointed out about 2 weeks ago that
had become pretty extended on a
short-term basis, even though we still
like tech long-term,
you know, when you see that that kind of
hot sector come out, you can see either
market leaving the market or rotating
and, you know, clearly what we've seen
on the uh corrective move in tech when
it moved down 11%. Money rotated to
other areas. So, to me, that's a healthy
sign of a bull market as opposed to
short covering because money hasn't left
the market. And as I mentioned, you have
all these different indices hanging in
there. At the same time, I would say the
fundamentals still seem relatively
positive, but we're seeing forward
earning estimates for the S&P 500 make
make new highs, but we're also seeing
small caps, mid caps, and emerging
market earnings also hit 52-week highs.
So, again,
you know, our perspective is one of
rotation as opposed to short covering
being the main fuel for what's happening
recently.
>> Well, within that call of rotation,
Keith, you also just on Friday upgraded
financials. What was the reasoning
behind that?
>> Uh it's it's part of the rotation trade.
I Listen, we still think tech is the
dominant theme of this bull market.
That's a core position that we want to
stay in. But, you know, financials, I
would say after underperforming by a
significant amount, we're seeing some
improvement in relative trends. And
also, if you have a little bit better of
a economy than what was expected, I
think that's good for credit. And also,
maybe more of that kind of just a little
bit of a of a catch-up trade. So,
listen, if you look at the last couple
of years, you've seen, you know, money
kind of have these short
moves or sharp rotations to other areas.
I think that likely has somewhere longer
to go.
But, we still think, you know, money
will eventually rotate back to tech. And
I think the SpaceX IPO being somewhat
successful as far as the way it's traded
is is good for overall sentiment.
>> Do Do you buy this argument at all that
you have the SpaceX IPO, OpenAI,
Anthropic, what have you, and you get a
ballooning of issuance? JP Morgan has
put the number at 1 and 1/2 trillion
dollars over the next 2 years that what
used to be a tailwind, this idea that
supply was limited, starts to turn into
a headwind. Keith, is that a real issue
for this market to overcome?
>> I I think it is. I think that is a fair
argument. I mean, we've seen the amount
of stocks really dwindle over the last
15 and 20 years. So, that change in on
the margin means there's more
you know, there's there's more supply
coming into the market.
And maybe, you know, even this year as
an example, like you know, we often talk
about tech and AI and then the Mag 7,
but the Mag 7 is somewhat flat this year
while tech overall is up almost 20%.
Small cap tech is up 50%. So, I think
what could happen is you see some money
rotate out of some of these big mega cap
tech stocks and and and money goes to
other areas. But yeah, that's certainly
a risk. It's hard to quantify. It's not
something that's just acute one day, but
over time I do think that's more of a
headwind than a tailwind, but it's it's
one factor out of many.
>> Keith, how much is Kevin Warsh's
helm at the Fed right now? How much is
that a catalyst for you this week?
>> You know, it's interesting because as
you all mentioned at the start of the
program, the 10-year has been pretty
sticky here. Again, I'm I'm making the
point that I think it's more economic
related, but in some ways, you know,
even though there's a consensus, I would
I would I I expect that his tone will be
more a little bit more dovish. So, in
some ways, if you can get yields to come
down a little bit alongside oil, which
hasn't happened yet, you know, that
could actually help elongate this
rotation trade that we've seen more
recently.
Listen, again, earnings, the AI trade is
is likely more important overall, but I
do think, you know, what is said in in
the path of rates moving forward is is
important. The last point is with the
market pricing in a rate hike, we still
think there's not not likely going to be
a rate hike. So, that could actually be
a positive catalyst if the market starts
to pricing no hike as opposed to a rate
hike.
>> Keith, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Keith Lerner of Truist.
And to that point, Danny, at the end,
swap traders are pricing in less than
80% chance now for quarter point Fed
hike by December. Move is not fully
priced in until next year. And we saw a
little bit of that change when the
president came out with this Iran deal.
>> Yeah, I mean, it was a huge relief when
it comes to the inflation picture, but
maybe there's this idea, I mean, to
Keith's point, this economy is strong.
Maybe it goes further than just oil and
why we've seen sticky inflation. And
that's why the communication from Kevin
Warsh is going to be so important
because we know he wants regime change.
Just how much of that are we going to
get from him? Is he going to talk about
different measures
for inflation? There's still a lot of
question marks to be answered.
>> Absolutely. All right, let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere we're
watching this morning. Here's your
Bloomberg Brief with Bonnie Quinn. Hey,
Bonnie.
>> Good morning, Annmarie.
President Trump speaking at the G7
moments ago saying Iran is in the
rearview mirror after reaching that
agreement with the country. Trump also
describing Iran's [music] current
leadership as rational, emphasizing they
can never acquire a nuclear weapon, and
that the US will not invest any money in
the country.
The Bank of Japan has raised its
benchmark interest rate to 1%, the
highest level since 1995.
The Central Bank is also planning to
stop cutting back its bond purchases
from April of next [music] year. The
decision was widely expected, and just
one member of the board dissented.
The world's richest people are getting
even richer. The 500 wealthiest people
added $336 billion to their fortunes
yesterday. That's the biggest one-day
haul on record according to the
Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Elon Musk,
the world's first trillionaire, saw his
net worth rise more than 10% to $1.27
[music]
trillion.
That is your Bloomberg Brief, Annmarie.
>> Thank you so much, Bonnie. And Danny, I
think this [music] morning with SpaceX
up 10% in premarket, he's just going to
keep adding to his wealth.
>> It is It is mind-boggling the figures
themselves. And I mean, you add to that
if he hits all of his metrics like the
Tesla pay package he'll get to.
>> And he says he's going to hit revenue on
[music] SpaceX to a trillion in 2030.
It's far out where analysts expect.
>> like we should talk about like the
K-shaped economy, but it's like K with
like an [music] asterisk at the top
which is Elon Musk's wealth, totally.
>> Up next, reopening the Strait of Hormuz.
>> The strait is already partially open.
The ships are starting to go out.
Now, on Friday it'll be completely open.
We have an agreement where it's going to
be open
and still free.
>> Former Deputy National Security Advisor
Victoria Coates joins us next. You're
watching Bloomberg surveillance. Good
morning.
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg's
surveillance. I'm Annmarie Hordern
alongside Danny Burger today. John and
Lisa are off. We are seeing equities
just stabilizing today, relatively flat.
[music] S&P 500 closed 1% short of an
all-time high yesterday. The Nasdaq
yesterday was up 3%. We continue to see
this tech [music] rally. Kevin Warsh
kicks off his first day as the new
leader of the Federal Reserve, first day
of the FOMC board meeting. [music]
Tomorrow we're going to be hearing from
him as we have the Fed rate decision.
And helping him out a little bit as
we've been talking about is the fact
that just a little bit more breathing
room with yields coming [music] down.
Your 10-year yield right now 4.43%
and Danny, we quickly got to talk about
the dollar yen. Because what did we see
today? The rest of the world
is hiking.
>> Yes.
>> And we had that out of the BOJ.
>> Yes. And I mean, Japan hitting 1% on
their policy rate is something we
haven't seen in like a decade. It's
definitely a step change for Japan. They
have their own idiosyncrasies [music]
going on, but it's a discussion to your
point Annmarie that's happening
throughout the world. It happened last
week at the ECB and how much does that
in turn cap the ability of American
yields to rally when the rest of the
world is turning [music] hawkish.
>> And they have no choice. These are
energy importers and they are dealing
with sky-high energy [music] prices
right now and that's what we're going to
discuss at this moment under
surveillance. Reopening the Strait of
Hormuz.
>> The Strait is already partially open.
They're doing a little hunting for a
couple of mines that
they've already found. The ships are
starting to go out
now. On Friday it'll be completely open.
I don't think we're going to need much
help because we have an agreement where
it's going to be open
and toll-free.
>> Here's the latest. President Trump at
the G7 [music] meeting in France
declaring the Strait of Hormuz will
completely reopen on Friday and some
European allies remain skeptical.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now
for more. So, Tyler, what do these
conversations look like at the G7?
>> Hey, Annmarie, good morning. Well, it is
becoming increasingly clear that many of
these leaders have questions on just how
quickly the Strait of Hormuz can be
reopened and how it's actually going to
work in practice because while President
Trump has outlined what is considered to
be a relatively aggressive timeline of
Friday for the Strait to be reopened. A
senior administration official who
briefed us reporters says that
ultimately traffic is going to ramp up
over time and that it could take about
two weeks to really see those trade
flows increase and that is due in large
part to one, the fact that there are
still mines in the Strait and the second
that this wariness still remains among
commercial shippers who are also seeking
some firmer assurances when it comes to
safe passage. Now, with that said,
European allies here at the G7 are
talking about this naval mission that
could be deployed. That effort is being
led by the United Kingdom and France,
but still both countries say that
they're not going to actually deploy
military assets until we see that
finalized signing of this memorandum of
understanding potentially as soon as
this Friday in Switzerland. In fact, we
heard from the French president earlier
today who said that once there is that
signing, we could see French military
assets deployed within days. But,
Annmarie, while the conversation right
now seems to be about the immediate
reopening of the Strait, we still have
big questions about what long-term
security is going to look like after
Iranian state media reported yesterday
that Iran will have the Strait be
toll-free for the 60-day extension of
the ceasefire, but after that seemed to
indicate that the country has plans to
charge fees related to what they say
would be navigational services.
>> It's certainly going to be messy cuz
those fees are unacceptable to the
United States. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall
at the G7, thank you. Former Deputy
National Security Advisor Victoria
Coates writing opining on what is or is
not in the deal is a fool's errand until
we know what is actually in the deal. We
do not need to be in a race to be wrong.
Victoria joins us now. Victoria, great
to catch up with you, especially given
the other day I saw the president said
that you are absolutely a fantastic. You
worked in Trump 1. You can maybe
translate for us the direction of travel
for this administration. The president
said it's reopening the Strait of Hormuz
on Friday. A viewer writes in and say,
maybe should we call this a soft
opening.
How do you think the strait is actually
going to open where we see 20 million
barrels once again flowing through?
>> No, good to be with you, Anne Marie.
Now, I I fully support, obviously,
President Trump's statement
uh
about me. That was a very exciting
moment. But it in terms of the strait,
you know, one of the things we need to
focus on, and especially in the context
of the G7, is those 20 million barrels
mean a whole lot more to the other
members of the G7 than they mean to the
United States. I mean, between Japan and
Europe, you know, the dependency on the
the strait is is huge. And so, you know,
yes, the president is going to insist
that Iran doesn't charge tolls going
through the strait going forward. But
really, that's their fight, not so much
ours. And so, I really hope we get very
strong statements out of the G7
condemning any attempt by Iran to try to
hold the continue to hold the world
hostage over the strait. And the other
thing that I find fascinating about how
this is all playing out is the effort
that is going on in the region to bypass
the strait in terms of the Fujairah
pipeline that UAE is building around the
strait, the potential for a natural gas
pipeline across the Arabian Peninsula to
parallel Saudi Petroline, which is an
oil line.
All of that makes this less and less of
an asset for Iran going forward. So,
whatever we do in the future, it's going
to be different from what we've just
experienced, and I don't think it's
going to advantage the Iranians at all.
>> We heard from the president this
morning. He said he's not happy with the
way Israel has handled themselves with
Lebanon.
How much does the Lebanon issue and
Israel and Hezbollah create really a
problem for the president as he
continues these negotiations with Iran?
>> Well, Lebanon's been a problem for about
50 years now, Anne Marie. I mean, it's
really a a tragic situation. It should
be a beautiful, prosperous country, a
diverse population, incredible location,
natural gas assets, but it's just been
in this in this state of disarray
because of the presence of Hezbollah, a
terrorist proxy of of Iran's. And so,
we'll we'll see. I mean, Israel's trying
very hard to neutralize that that threat
on their northern border. You know,
given what happened on October 7th in
the south, you know, that is
understandable that they don't want to
tolerate these things. They want to
eradicate them, and you know, that's
their right to self-defense. But at the
same time, you know, the president is
looking to get a deal between the
government of Lebanon, separate from
Hezbollah, and Israel that would be good
for Israel's security. And if a lot of
Lebanese infrastructure is being
devastated by Israeli attacks, it makes
that harder to do. So, you know, both
those perspectives are legitimate,
but and they're not necessarily going to
be in in conflict. I mean, the president
did say a week ago that if Israel were
more surgical in their strikes on
Lebanon, the United States might assist
them against Hezbollah. Nobody likes
Hezbollah.
So, that that is a possibility as well.
But I think I think that is is
situation. My understanding is that
starting next week, we're going to have
more talks in Washington between Lebanon
and Israel. Hopefully get to some
resolution there.
>> Victoria, I'm also struck by the idea
that this G7 meeting is happening in
France. In a conversation that it feels
like the Europeans have been somewhat
absent. A coalition supposedly led by
Britain and France had been discussing
helping ships navigate the Strait of
Hormuz. Maybe this is the moment where
they can finally begin to do that and
start to deploy minesweepers given this
deal is on its way. But where are the
Europeans in all of this? They're
obviously very impacted by the flow of
energy. Do they have a seat at the table
at this moment?
>> Well, Danny, it's really interesting
moment as you put it. I mean, five of
the of the seven members of the G7, I
believe, are European countries. These
are very large economies and, you know,
a very very important trading block for
and security partner to the United
States. But there are some hard
conversations that have to take place.
At the beginning of Operation Epic Fury,
you know, the the Brits said they were
going to deploy, you know, one
destroyer. And then they couldn't get it
into the into the Mediterranean for two
weeks
to get to their own assets in Cyprus. I
mean, that's the the vaunted British
Navy can't get one destroyer to the
Mediterranean in two weeks. I mean, we
moved a carrier group in less time than
that. So, you know, it's it's really
disturbing to see how these militaries
atrophy.
>> [music]
>> And it's not that they they don't want
to help us, they can't help us.
>> Victoria, thanks so Victoria, thank you
so much for your time this morning.
That's the former Deputy National
Security Advisor Victoria Coates. Coming
up, we're going to have Dan [music] Ives
of Wedbush on as Anthropic pushes the
White House to ease AI restrictions.
Good morning and welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Annmarie Hordern
alongside Danny Burger today. Jonathan
and Lisa are both off. We are 3 hours
away from the cash open. Equity futures
this morning are flat. We had yesterday
though the S&P 500 1% away from all-time
gains. Nasdaq yesterday was up 3%.
[music]
Tech-driven rally continues. Jim Reid
this morning of Deutsche Bank talking
about market stabilization. [music]
He says in part this comes as there's
still a lot of question marks over how
the deal will be implemented as we don't
have the details or a text yet. And of
course this is a coming as the president
[music] says the Strait of Hormuz will
be open on Friday. A lot of people are
skeptical about how messy this is going
to [music] be and how quickly we can get
to the strait really being fully open as
normal before this conflict began. We
are seeing yields though giving Kevin
Warsh today a little bit of breathing
room Danny [music] as he kicks off this
two-day policy meeting. Everyone just
has a question, which Kevin Warsh is
going to show up? This is a new [music]
era for him, but clearly this is giving
him a little bit of a gift in terms
[music] of oil prices coming down,
yields coming down. It's all going to be
a little bit less tense potentially for
him [music] when he greets the press.
>> to say I'm really looking forward to
speaking with Betsy Duke formerly of the
Fed later who says Kevin Warsh is still
a hawk. And that idea is definitely
floating out there. This idea that he
doesn't like forward guidance. So
perhaps he is more data dependent.
[music] And the data right now even with
the removal of the threat of oil is
still inflation. That's been running too
hot. So did Kevin Warsh mean all the
dovish things he said? Are we going to
get a different flavor for him? Or maybe
we just won't get any [music] clear
communication at this point. That might
not be enough to keep the rally going or
maybe it's just a market that sees the
glass half full and can continue [music]
to anticipate inflation coming.
>> And people think potentially he doesn't
even put a dot on the plot because he
doesn't love forward guidance. I think
that would be a little bit scandalous in
a way for the new Fed chair to come out
and not really give a direction of
travel where where he sees interest
rates going. Of course, the fact that
oil prices are coming down is helping
him, and it's pretty incredible to see.
The Strait [music] of Hormuz is, for the
most part, right now technically closed,
and you have New York crude with [music]
a 78 handle. That is insane when you
think about what has been going on in
the physical market. I will say [music]
I was in Houston last week. The energy
secretary told me that they see 7
million barrels a day going through the
Strait of Hormuz right now.
Pre-conflict, it was 20. [music]
The Chevron CEO said they actually see
more like 3 million barrels a day. So,
some product is getting out, but we are
still in a deficit in terms [music] of
what was flowing through the Strait of
Hormuz before this conflict.
>> Right. And and for example, you heard
from the Qataris saying that they still
need about 2 months once the Strait
reopens to get to 80% capacity. And we
I'm still though struck by exactly what
you're pointing out. [music] Just how
low these prices are starting to drift.
The oil and energy experts had said
exactly what you're saying, that the
physical market is constrained, and the
paper market doesn't reflect reality. At
what point, if ever, will the paper
market reflect reality? Are the energy
experts wrong? Are we just missing
something [music] right now?
>> Well, we're living kind of off
inventories right now. So, once we hit
those tank bottoms, potentially this
become a big problem, which is why many
people think this is why the president
want to strike this deal now, especially
as we head into peak driving season.
[music]
All right, 3 hours away from the cash
open. Let's get your morning movers with
Yahaira Annan. Hi, Yahaira.
>> Hi, Ann. Maria, it looks like Space Ice
is extending its post-IPO rally. Shares
up another 10% in the pre-market. That
puts the stock on track of a gain of
[music] more than 50% since IPO in just
the last three trading sessions. And if
these levels hold, Space Ice would open
with a market valuation larger than
Amazon, just cementing its [music] place
as one of the most valuable companies in
the world. And it appears SpaceX's gain
is Tesla's [music] loss. Shares are
falling 1 and 1/2% in the pre-market,
leading to declines among the Mag 7.
Most of them are actually in the green
right now, as some investors appear to
be making room for SpaceX. According to
the investing platform AJ Bell, Tesla
was among the most commonly [music] sold
stocks among retail investors who bought
into the IPO.
>> [music]
>> At the same time, I've heard from other
investors who say that they are sticking
with Tesla on the idea that Tesla
[music] and SpaceX could one day merge,
something your next guest, Mr. Ives, has
also [music] discussed. And we end on
the chip makers. The Philadelphia
Semiconductor Index closed at a record
high, as did Micron yesterday, but
Western Digital really stole the show.
It was a top gainer and in the S&P,
jumping [music] 16%
yesterday. And we're we're seeing that
optimism carry into today with Western
Digital up 6 and 1/2%. [music] Qualcomm
and Micron are also gaining. And Marie,
>> Thank you so much, Yahaira. On our radar
this morning, President Trump saying the
deal reached with Iran will not involve
any US investments in the country.
>> We can talk about the Iran all day long,
but we're not investing any money. We
have the right to do what we want, but
we're not investing any money.
>> President Trump also reiterating Iran
will never acquire a nuclear weapon and
that he expects the Strait of Hormuz to
completely reopen by the end of the
week. Trump administration is reportedly
open to talks with Anthropic over the
blocking of foreign access to its AI
models. According to the New York Post,
a senior White House official is
suggesting a resolution could be worked
out directly with CEO Dario Amodei. And
SpaceX is extending gains after its
blockbuster first day of trading, the
stock on track for more than 50% jump in
just its first three sessions, with its
valuation now sitting above 2.5 trillion
dollars. It's basically overtaking the
market cap of Amazon, and we're going to
see that when it opens today.
>> I still just don't think we're seeing
anything that resembles market pricing
yet. I mean, the supply dynamic demand
picture is very warped in what you'd
usually get. And the on the demand side,
you have all these price insensitive
buyers coming um from index linked
funds. Uh over 18 billion worth within
15 days on Friday, says BNP is the type
of buying that we're going to get. So,
that's helping thrust this thing higher.
And at the same time, you've only had
about 500 million worth of shares come
to market. By year end, we're expecting
about 3 billion be eligible for release.
That might flip this dynamic on its
head, and it gets to the argument of,
you know, why include these things in
the index so quickly. You're going to
get these big swings as we try to figure
out what fair value is.
>> Absolutely. A lot of liquidity points
coming up for SpaceX, and to your point,
it's going to be incredibly volatile.
Sticking with tech, Anthropic looking to
ease those tensions with the White
House. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg, executives met with the
administration to discuss security curbs
on its two most advanced AI models. Dan
Ives of Wedbush writing, quote,
"Anthropic has become a disruptive
force. These issues need to be resolved
sooner rather than later for the tech
sector and ongoing enterprise
deployments and pilots." Dan joins us
now. Well, Dan, according to the New
York Post, potentially we will get some
sort of resolution when it comes to the
administration and Anthropic, but please
educate us. I thought Anthropic said
their models were too advanced, and they
wanted to be regulated. Isn't that what
the Trump administration is doing?
>> Look, I mean, and we've talked about it
on the show, this continues to be this
tug-of-war between Dario and Anthropic
as well as the administration, but it
all goes back to this essentially boxing
match that we've seen between Anthropic
and the Pentagon, DOD, and of course,
you know, they're essentially
characterized like Huawei when it comes
to US government.
Look, this needs to be resolved. I I
think it's sooner rather than later
because the implications are much more
than just government. It's what happens
on enterprise, foreign workers, foreign,
you know, companies as well that are
using Claude and that that continues to
really meet this I think front and
center in AI.
>> What does a resolution look like to you?
Should foreign hands have access to
these AI models?
>> The problem is we're talking about
something that's so global. You can't
just contain it to US. When you think
about so much of Anthropic's success,
you could say OpenAI and so many other
big tech company, it's going to be
international. How do you sell this into
a corporation and say, "Okay, that can
only be used at headquarters. It can't
be used in Europe. Can't be used in
Asia." And that's part of that's part of
the quagmire that's essentially happened
here is that you cannot put the genie
back in the bottle. But it also goes
back to what Anthropic
almost kind of I wouldn't say picking a
fight, but like as they now are in this
fight with Pentagon, DOD, it's not good
for them. It's not good for government.
It's not good for the industry,
especially where we are in terms of
early days of AI revolution.
>> Dan, I mean, these are companies, these
frontier models, that are spending a lot
of cash. OpenAI's spending hitting $34
billion last year, according to the FT,
outstripping their revenue. To what
degree do they need a global marketplace
in order to justify the levels of
spending that they're doing? And if any
of that gets chipped away at at it, how
do you price in that sort of political
risk premium once these companies go
public?
>> Yeah, Danny, that's a big thing because
it is global and you cannot just contain
it to US. And and look, that
when when you think about I'll tell you
like well, I've had investor meetings
I've had in Europe and Asia. I mean,
this because of Anthropic, because of
Claude, just how powerful it's become,
and because of the growth that seen,
this is unprecedented. But it also
speaks to as we see more government
involvement in tech, you know, Emery's
talked about this as well. Like it's
it's a slippery slope because you cannot
contain it. It goes international. And I
think what we're seeing right here is a
good example of the, you know, beware of
what happens in these situations.
>> Dan, we every day are getting new deal
news when it comes to things like AI.
There was Salesforce yesterday buying on
some sort of AI tool. This just crossing
that SpaceX has agreed to merge with
Cursor. The deal's worth $60 billion.
It's something that Musk and SpaceX had
talked about previously. This idea that
they might be able to merge or maybe
they just basically have an option. I
think it was for about like $10 billion
to use the stuff but not merge. But it
is a moment where M&A's look so
differently because they need access to
this technology right away and maybe
don't have the timeline to wait for a
year for a deal to close. I just wonder
how you're seeing this sort of activity
shape up as different companies try to
add on various AI capabilities here. And
now, and M&A sometimes gets messy.
>> Yeah, look, data is the new oil or the
new gold.
And that's why we're going to continue
seeing M&A. So, Salesforce and we've
seen a lot of other deals as well. And
we'll see more over the coming months.
It's going to be accelerated because as
these companies are in this arms race,
it's not just about CapEx. It's about
access to data. That's what this is all
about. Now, there's of course there's
compute power across the industry, but
it's data and that's going to lead to
more and more acquisitions on the
software side. I think on chips, you're
going to see more and more convergence
even on industrials and potentially
powers as you build out these stacks. I
think that's really where we are today.
We continue to think third inning of
this AI revolution in terms of where we
are in the game.
But it all's going to come down to
winners and losers will be defined by
the strategic moves they make over the
next 3, 6, 9, 12 months.
And the last thing you want to be in the
Knicks side, you don't want to be in the
San Antonio side.
>> Absolutely, preach, Dan. I also wanted
to get
your take on this story from the
Financial Times about Open AI's net
losses jumping eightfold after they
spent $34 billion on research,
marketing, and other costs in 2025.
When you're looking at these companies
and ranking them, what do you think of
Open AI? When you hear news like this
and they're about to hit the market this
summer?
>> Okay, then you open AI. I mean,
obviously, you know,
along with Anthropic, you know, the two
core leaders as defined by anyone in the
market, but
it's that I'll get back to the
tug-of-war. Investments is no different
than the CapEx that we see with Meta and
Big Tech.
But yeah, you see the opportunity, but
you'll see the losses in the near term.
Now, investors need to see around the
corner, and they need to basically build
out what they think ultimately the
growth's going to be, but I don't see
any other tools. So, I think Altman and
Open AI, what they need to do here,
given what's happening across the
industry from the hyperscalers to
obviously Anthropic and others, and
we've seen it from Godfather of AI,
Jensen and Nvidia. I mean, they continue
to put foot on the pedal, and that's
what they need to do, and I think the
rest of the industry is taking their
cues from what's happened across from
Big Tech.
>> Dan, who's the Jalen Brunson right now
in the AI space?
>> Jalen Brunson be Palantir.
>> Why?
>> Because I continue to think that they're
one people doubt them, elusive, and
continue to perform again and again. If
you wanted I mean, we could go down the
list, but like Karl Anthony Towns, I'd
say maybe that would be you know, what I
could be like a CrowdStrike here.
>> All right, this is good to know.
>> Wait, I want to know who the Wemby is.
>> All right, who's the Wemby then?
>> in this, Dan?
>> The Wemby would probably right now be
some of the software companies because
there continues to be a sort of, you
know, a prove me view despite obviously
the install base.
>> Dan, I love it. And congrats to you cuz
I know you're a big Knicks fan as we are
here as well around the studio. It was
amazing to be there at game five. Dan
Ives of Wedbush Securities. Let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your Bloomberg Brief
with Vani Quinn. Hey, Vani.
>> Hey, Annmarie. Thank you. Eight people
died after a B-52 bomber crashed shortly
after takeoff from a US Air Force base
in Southern California. [music]
The aircraft was on a routine test
mission when the incident occurred. The
bombers were recently deployed in
operations in [music] Iran.
China's retail sales declining last
month to levels unseen since the
pandemic. Home prices [music] fell at a
quicker pace in May and fixed asset
investment shrank worse than expected as
China's economy is at risk of a deeper
[music] slowdown due to weak domestic
demand.
More central banks than ever to increase
their gold reserves. In a survey of 74
central banks, 45% say they plan to buy
in the coming year. Gold prices more
than doubled over the past three years,
but some of those gains have been erased
due to the Iran war. And that is your
Bloomberg Brief, Annmarie.
>> Thanks so much, Vani. Up next, a test
[music] for the new Fed chair.
>> I think Kevin Warsh has a dilemma on his
hands.
>> Fed chair Kevin Warsh has his work cut
out for him.
>> I don't think he has any intention
of leading a charge to cut interest
rates.
>> Former Fed Governor Betsy Duke joins us
next. She thinks Kevin Warsh, once a
hawk, always a hawk. You're watching
Bloomberg Surveillance. [music]
Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. We have equity markets
this morning relatively unchanged.
Yesterday the S&P 500 just 1% short of
an all-time high. Market still looking
for some details when it comes to the
deal the president struck with Iran as
well as waiting of course on what the
Federal Reserve has today. Kevin Warsh's
era begins today and we'll hear from him
tomorrow. And Danny also just crossing
the wire European Union trade deal close
to being implemented. They're [music]
going to try to sign this deal. The
president had given them till July 4th.
You think the market's moving on from
Iran? They have well moved on from
tariffs. Um
but this is just something that was
lingering out there and it looks like
the EU is moving forward.
>> Yeah, maybe [music] more good news,
[clears throat] more clouds being
cleared. Of course, I mean much like the
trade deal, there's still all these
uncertainties. [music]
There's still questions um over uh tech
regulations, over other tariffs when it
comes to metals. So yeah, some
uncertainties out there. But yeah, just
another notch job done I guess for the
president.
>> Yep, we should see that final nod from
the European Union on [music] June 26th.
Under surveillance this morning a test
for the new Fed chair.
>> I think Kevin Warsh has a dilemma on his
hands. Once you're in that seat, it's a
lot different.
>> Fed chair Kevin Warsh then has his work
cut out for him.
>> He can't make any kind of mention and
push for cuts.
>> I don't think he has any [music]
intention of leading a charge to cut
interest rates.
>> Here's the latest. Investors bracing for
Fed chair Kevin Warsh's first FOMC press
conference, closely watching the
statement and forecast for a signal on
the central bank's direction. Former Fed
governor Betsy Duke writing Kevin Warsh
is still a hawk. All the action will be
in communications. Betsy joins us now.
Betsy, thank you so much for joining us
this morning. Me and Danny are really
looking forward to getting your insights
on exactly what you think we're going to
hear from Kevin Warsh tomorrow.
>> So I do think it's all going to be about
communications. And I think the the
first place he will start is with the
statement. I wouldn't be at all
surprised to see the statement itself
that comes out after the meeting be
significantly revised. Normally when the
statement's put together, it's put
together with a red line of changes from
the prior statement. So, even if it
weren't a new chairman, you'd probably
see the the
bias change in that statement, and that
would be about all that would change. I
think he'll completely rewrite it. It'll
be shorter.
And
um
I'm interested to see if he goes back to
the discussion of the balance of risks
which um they had before we got to the
current statement format.
>> Betsy, do you think he declines to put a
dot on the plot?
>> He might, but I think it his his
discussion will be more with the the
committee in general about whether or
not to get rid of the dot plots all
together.
I I don't know that he'll get rid of the
entire SEP. I don't expect that to go,
but I do expect the dot plots to go.
>> Betsy, I'm still interested in this idea
that Kevin Warsh is still a hawk because
what we saw from candidate Warsh was a
different measure of inflation that he
preferred, a trim average, so you get
rid of some of the more volatile
components, which would lead
[clears throat] you to a lower reading
of inflation. He's talked about the
necessity of lower
interest rates, and he's talked about
the productivity gains from AI, which
would also allow you to get there. So,
what are you seeing that leads you to
believe that we still might get a Fed
chair that means more hawkish?
>> So,
there's not there's
there's not any conflict, I don't see,
between remaining a hawk, but talking
about different measurements of
inflation that that he's most concerned
about, talking about different
approaches um to grain in inflation.
But, remember this, Kevin Warsh doesn't
just want to be a chairman of the Fed.
Kevin Warsh wants to be a great Fed
chairman. His his um his idols are the
great Fed chairman and that's what he
wants to do. And the Fed's primary job
is controlling inflation. So, Kevin's
not going to do anything that will let
inflation run hot in order to please
President Trump. He is going to really
focus on inflation
I think in in a strong way.
But he may he may approach it
differently and he may measure it
differently.
>> This idea of where we get continuity and
where we don't Betsy. One of the things
that you've looked at is Michelle Smith
who who functionally serves as the chief
of staff to the Fed chairman. That will
be staying on with Kevin Warsh. That
makes the fifth consecutive Fed chairs
that she has served. What is the
importance of having Michelle Smith
still there at Eccles Street?
>> Well, I thought it was really important
first that Kevin asked her to stay and
they have a long long relationship going
back to his time on the board and
secondly that Michelle agreed to stay.
She is one of the most respected members
of the Fed's staff
over many many years and she has the
ability to adapt to the current chairman
and support every chairman in the way
that chairman needs to be supported with
their style and their objectives and and
to make them the strongest chairman they
can possibly be. I've not met anybody
who has better judgment than Michelle
Smith.
>> Betsy, there's another individual that's
going to be hanging around. Of course,
it's the former Fed chair Jay Powell who
said he was going to keep a low profile.
Hasn't been
so low.
What do you think his role is going to
be in all of this?
>> He's going to be supportive. He He again
is going to support the mission of the
Fed. And and he's going to do that in
every way he can. He's not going to work
against the chairman. This isn't
This isn't some like petty office
politics. This is This is the job. This
is the job of the American people, and
that's what he has shown that he
believes in. And so, he's going to um
he's going to express his views on
things in the meeting. I don't think
he'll see him outside criticizing
anything that um the chairman is doing.
And he will help wherever he can.
>> But how long do you think he's going to
stay on?
>> I don't know. He's not staying cuz he
wants to be there. He's staying there to
um make sure the independence. So, I
think he's looking for some signal that
the the
um
the legal investigations into him and
into his role at the Fed are completely
ended. And so far, I don't think he's
gotten that from the Department of
Justice.
>> Betsy, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Former Fed Governor Betsy
Duke on a really important moment as we
begin this Kevin Warsh era. She thinks
it's going to be a complete rewriting of
the statement.
>> Yeah, I mean, look, this is a Fed chair
who said that his ambition is regime
change. It will be interesting to see
just how far he goes, whether there is
any hanging on of that continuity as we
get his first decision, his
communication to the press. But this
idea that he doesn't like forward
guidance, does that necessarily make him
a hawk? Because it does it not remove
any of the easing bias if we have
something like that? Again, to Betsy's
point, he was a hawk before this, and he
will want to just be a great Fed chair.
So, maybe he does need to be more data
dependent, and you don't necessarily get
that dovish bias that many had been
hoping for, including the president.
>> I do think this week though has helped
him. The fact that yields are coming
down, oil prices, WTI $78 a barrel, that
sort of takes a little bit of the heat
off, maybe some of the intensity of
these discussions behind closed doors.
>> Yeah, but it is more than oil. I think
that's a very fair point, but it is more
than oil. Three consecutive the AI trade
three consecutive very strong jobs
reports, that's left inflation sticky,
stuck at 3%. It is still an issue for
this Fed, but again, maybe that's not a
today issue with the removal of higher
energy prices, you can take a beat and
kind of pause.
>> All right, coming up on the program,
Victoria Fernandez of Crossmark, Ariana
Salvatore of Morgan Stanley, Sarah Bloom
of Cleo Capital, and Torsten Slok of
Apollo. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance. Very good morning. We'll
be back with you in just a minute for
the next hour.
>> I think it's pretty remarkable the way
the consumer has powered through.
>> If consumers [music] in general feel
freer to spend, maybe there's a a bit
more resilience. All eyes on the bond
market, in my view.
>> Oil prices are coming down, but [music]
the market is moving those hikes.
>> I don't think the Fed is going to be
looking to cut rates anytime soon.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz,
and Anne Marie Hoardern.
>> Good morning from New York City. The Fed
kicks off its two-day policy meeting
today, the first gathering under newly
minted Fed chair Kevin Warsh, who's
getting a little bit of breathing room
with oil and yields lower. So, of
course, as President Trump says the
Strait of Hormuz will be open on Friday.
>> The strait is already partially opened,
as you know, they're doing a little
hunting for a couple of mines that
they've already found.
Uh but it's essentially ships are
starting to go out.
Now, on Friday it'll be completely open.
>> Allies though, Danny, remain pretty
skeptical.
>> They remain skeptical. Um there's also
this idea that Israel [music]
is unhappy at the moment, and we saw it
in the president speaking this morning.
It feels like the rift is only opening
between him and Benjamin Netanyahu. We
don't know the details of this MOU, the
memorandum of understanding, and just
how detailed any sort of agreement might
be, but despite all of that, it's a
market that's rallying now and asking
[music] questions later. I think there
is some enthusiasm that we are getting
something as a of a deal, that ships can
start to return through the Strait
[music] of Hormuz, and that at the
moment seems like enough for action.
>> Yeah, the market at the moment believes
in Trump, and they believe in the
direction of travel, but this is going
to be messy, especially when the
Iranians come out and say, "Well, after
60 days, we're going to be charging
[music] a toll." J.D. Vance last night
on Fox News, the vice president said,
"There will be no way there will there
will be a toll."
But at the end of the day, the president
wants to see that oil flow, and what
concessions is he willing to give to
make sure that we are not in peak
driving [music] season, and you have oil
prices and gasoline prices rising
higher.
>> Right, J.D. Vance talking about the idea
of giving Iran $300 in order to repair
the damage that's done was very clear it
wouldn't come from the American
taxpayer. But even still, [music]
is that something that the Iran hawks
are going to be happy with? Just how
much consensus might we get in any sort
of deal? [music]
And not to mention, I mean, the
president was talking it about about it
there,
you need to clear the mines from the
Strait of Hormuz. Are you going to have
ships that are actually comfortable with
traveling through there even if you get
something signed [music] up there?
>> Yeah, Maersk said yesterday they have no
change in plans at the moment. They want
to see more details, and the devil
really for this is going to be in
[music] the details. Um, let's take a
look where equities are trading this
market. I keep going back with Deutsche
Bank's Jim Reid and said, basically the
fact that there's still a question mark
over how the deal is implemented. So,
maybe that's why we [music] don't have
more room to run this morning, although
S&P yesterday closed just 1% short of an
[music] all-time high. Let's take a look
where yields are this morning. Danny,
you've been bringing up a great point.
Inflation is still [music] sticky, but
we do have a little bit of breathing
room when it comes to the bond spaces
Kevin Warsh kicks off two-day [music]
policy meeting. I still do think it's
important to compare and contrast what
yields are doing versus equities.
Equities off to the races, equal
weighted all-time highs, the S&P is
nearly there, too. Stocks, this
Philadelphia semiconductor index is at
record, but what you're seeing with
yields there is yes, they are coming in,
but the curve is still not where it was
before this war, [music]
whereas stocks are. There still is some
pricing in the market that we might get
a hike. Where we didn't have [music]
that before the war. So, bonds have not
caught up to where this equity market
is. And Anne Marie, it's because of what
exactly you've been saying. [music] We
need to see what this agreement looks
like, and we need to hear from the new
Fed chair.
>> And we have when it comes to the oil
market, oil [music] prices once again
today softer. WTI WTI crude $78, Brent
$81. [music]
This comes as well as two Iran-linked
tankers are sailing eastward through the
Strait of Hormuz. Ahead of the deal,
[music] the market is just looking at
this like it's going to be a lot easier
for product to get out, and that is why
you have crude down 3% this morning.
>> NYMEX crude with a [music] $78 handle is
quite remarkable.
But the oil energy experts have said
that there is an issue in the physical
market that's not yet reflected in the
paper [music] market. How does that get
settled?
>> We're running low on inventories, and it
might not be enough right now that the
Strait of Hormuz is going to be open
because it is going to take weeks to
really get oil flowing through where we
had 20 million barrels a day before this
conflict.
>> Coming up on the program, Victoria
Fernandez of Crossmark Global
Investments with stocks [music] trading
near all-time highs, Ariana Salvatore of
Morgan Stanley on what a signed deal
with Iran means for midterm elections,
and Torsten Slok of Apollo as the Kevin
Warsh era begins. We begin this hour
with stocks hovering at fresh records as
investors await the first policy
decision under a new regime. Victoria
Fernandez of Cross Global Investments
writing, "We believe there is still room
to run even if we get higher rates, as
long as earnings and margins remain
strong, the market can digest a rotation
of leadership. Victoria joins us now.
Victoria, where else do you see this
market having more room to run?
>> Yeah, well, I think when you look at the
rotation that we've seen, we saw those
high momentum, those high beta names
really come back over the last week. Um
and so other areas have started to pick
up a little bit. You saw it in some
transportation, you saw it in
healthcare, you saw it in some energy
names. Obviously, we've seen energy
names come back a little bit um based on
the the information of the last few
days, but it's still not in an oversold
position. I think at this point in time,
what you're looking for is maybe not
necessarily specific sectors. The names
that are going to be able to run are
those that have those positive factors
like good free cash flow, good
profitability, like return on equity,
looking at strong earnings yield, right?
Not just earnings growth, those high um
growth names, but relating that to PE.
So, I do think there's some
opportunities within all of the sectors,
but on a broad base, you are seeing some
of those that have been hardest hit that
are now in uptrends um starting to make
a comeback here, and I think that's
important when we look at the breadth of
this market and how far this bull market
can actually go.
>> Victoria, one of the things that you
point out that one should be cautious
on, it's clearly not outright bearish by
any means, but is the consumer. What are
you seeing that's leading you just to be
a little bit more tepid about the state
of the American consumer?
>> Yeah, so, you know, Danny, it's really
amazing when you think of how well the
consumer has held up um over the last
months as we've been very concerned
about things that are happening. Um and
you're looking at wages that are really
stagnating. You're looking at the
difference between real wage growth and
real consumption. That continues to
widen as savings continues to come down.
We had a little bit of improvement in
consumer confidence, but it's still very
low. We're back below levels that we saw
in COVID on some of those things. And
small businesses, that's a to me a big
yellow flag. You've got the NFIB report
that came out last week that really is
not showing tremendous signs of
improvement there. They are still
struggling and still concerned. So, as
we get, you know, additional signs of
layoffs, we had more layoff reports
reported this morning. I think that
tells us the consumer is going to
continue to be a little bit cautious in
what they're doing, especially with some
of the liquidity efforts we've seen
earlier in this year start to pull back.
Like I said, wages stagnating and
savings being depleted.
>> Right. I mean, we we heard the news
overnight that BlackRock is going to cut
about 200
roles worldwide. I think maybe is
perhaps what you're talking about. But,
Victoria,
what do you do with that? I mean, AI is
still hot. These companies are still
spending a lot, even if there is some
softness
in hiring. How do you factor that into
your trades at the moment?
>> Yeah, I think when you're looking at
these companies, obviously CapEx is
really driving the productivity that
we're seeing. And we're hoping
productivity is going to be supportive
of earnings. So, I think you go back to
some of those elements we were talking
about a minute ago. I think you look at
what are the companies that give us
those high earnings yield. I mean, look
at a at a company like Nvidia. You can
still add to your tech positions.
Nvidia's doing well. Fortinet, look at
cybersecurity. Again, high earnings
yield, so good earnings growth, but a
lower PE relative to
other companies within its sector and
within the market. Even Adobe is fitting
within that category and profitability
as well. So, I do think there's some
things you can do within these sectors,
and that's how we're looking at where to
invest for our clients. Along with
adding a little bit of that defensive
component because of our concerns, you
can add a little bit to fixed income
here um I do think when you look at the
short end of the curve you guys were
talking about a minute ago two years are
still over 50 basis points above the low
end of Fed funds. So, as some of that
starts to get priced out the short end
of the curve could be advantageous as
well.
>> Victoria, of course we have Kevin
Warsh's first meeting as Fed chair. We
just heard from Betsy Duke, former Fed
governor, says Kevin Warsh is going to
be hawk and she's expecting a complete
rewrite of the statement. What are you
expecting from him?
>> Yeah, I I was surprised to hear say that
she expects a complete rewrite. I do
think we'll see some changes. Obviously,
everyone's looking to have that easing
bias removed and I think that's somewhat
of a given at this point. What I'm going
to be looking at is what is being told
around how communication is going to
happen in the future. I think that is
going to be the key point that we're
looking at here. Does Warsh even give us
a dot um on the SCP? I'll be very
curious to see if that happens. I don't
think he's going to replace Myron's dot.
Where is he going to land on there or
does he give us one? And what is he
going to say around press conferences
going forward? How much Fed governors
are going to be able to go out and talk
about things? To me, it's some of those
changes along with potential balance
sheet changes that we're going to be
watching.
>> How do you expect the market maybe to
test him? We see the market test new Fed
chairs.
But this is a known figure. He's been
around. He's establishment figure for
years. Do you think the market's going
to test him?
>> You know, they say they're always tested
and we've seen it historically. Maybe
the test is going to be sitting here
where we are right now where labor
market is actually holding its own
somewhat right now. So, it's not giving
you really a case to ease which we
assume he's coming in with maybe a
little bias towards wanting to ease. Um
but at the same time having the sticky
inflation. I don't think inflation's
going to come down just because we get a
deal signed with Iran potentially over
the next few weeks. I think some of that
inflation is really built in there. We
saw it even before the Iran war started,
and I think it will continue. Um I mean,
you look at super core CPI over the last
3 months, you're running at a 5.5% rate
on an annual basis. So, I think there's
that may be his test. We've got that
sticky inflation, you know, labor's
somewhat holding steady. So, with his
easing bias, will he actually be more of
a hawk? I think that's what we have to
wait and see.
>> Or maybe he already got the test with
just a market that started to remove
cuts
>> be.
>> from it, Victoria? I mean, maybe that's
a help for him at this moment. I I was
talking to AnneMarie about this idea
before that there does seem to be sort
of a disconnect of what the bond market
and the stock market has been doing in
the recent week. Both of them clearly
are pricing in something of a peace
premium, but the equity market seems to
have gone further, almost at a high when
we haven't quietly removed any we
haven't totally removed the hiking bias
from what the uh futures probability are
pricing in from this Fed. What what do
you make of that slight disconnect
between the two markets?
>> Yeah, it's interesting. So, I actually
manage uh fixed income strategies. I
mean, I grew up in the fixed income
world, and we tend to be a little more
cautious in the things that we do. And I
think that's what the bond market is
doing here. They're saying, "Look, we're
not blowing out, you know, anything on
credit spreads. We're not saying there's
this tremendous issue that we have to
look at. Um no credit concerns right
now, but we also are not so sure that
inflation is going to come down very
quickly. We're not so sure that this
deal or memorandum of understanding is
going to flow through and help earnings
like the equity market is tending to to
just be all in on that thought process."
So, I just think the bond market is
being a little bit more cautious. It's a
wait and show me market right now. Um
and that's what the numbers are showing.
I think as we go over the next couple of
weeks, if we get more concrete answers,
you might see the bond market respond a
little bit more.
>> Yeah, Victoria, people I talk speak to
say it's a good first step, but it's
going to be a messy process. Thank you
so much for
>> Very messy.
>> Thank you so much for joining us this
morning. Victoria Fernandez of Crossmark
Global Investments. Let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this morning
we're march watching. Here's your
Bloomberg Brief with Bonnie Quinn. Hey
Bonnie.
>> Hey Anne Marie. The Trump administration
is open to negotiating with Anthropic a
day after barring foreigners from the
company's most powerful AI models. The
New York Post reporting the
administration would be willing to work
directly with CEO Dario Amodei.
SpaceX announcing merger just three days
after making its trading debut. Elon
Musk's company agreeing to merge with AI
startup Cursor in a deal valued at $60
billion.
It's [music] part of SpaceX's efforts to
catch up with rivals in AI coding tools.
Meta's Threads topping 500 million users
three years after its launch. Daily
active users also increasing due in
large part to its relationship with
Meta's other popular apps including
Instagram and its popularity with
high-profile celebrities including
LeBron James, Spike Lee, and K-pop group
BTS.
That is your Bloomberg [music] Brief,
Anne Marie.
>> Thanks so much, Bonnie. I have a Threads
account, but I've never actually, what
do you call it? [music] Tweeted?
Threaded?
>> Threaded? I've no idea. I think I got
one when it first started. I was like,
>> Cuz you got to get your handle, too.
>> Yeah, exactly. I don't even know what
mine is. I haven't looked at it. You
know when Instagram pops up has an
option that pops up like, "Would you
like to post to Threads?" I I never do.
>> No.
>> I ignore it. It's too many. Tweeting
[music] is enough or X'ing is enough.
But yeah, I just checked. I was like,
"Oh, I forgot I even have that." All
right. Well, I guess more people are
signing up. Up next, a toll-free
reopening.
>> The straits are already partially open.
The ships are starting to go out.
Now, on Friday it'll be completely open.
We have an agreement where it's going to
be open.
And it's toll-free.
>> Ariana Salvatore of Morgan Stanley joins
us next. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance.
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. I'm Annemarie Hordern
alongside Danny Berger today. John and
Lisa are [music] off. We are seeing
equities holding steady today. Of
course, this is as we begin two-day
policy meeting at the Federal Reserve
and the markets [music] looking kindly
on the fact that the president says he
has this deal with Iran. Still waiting
for details though, and potentially
that'll be the next [music] catalyst
this market is looking out for. Under
surveillance this morning, a toll-free
reopening.
>> The strait is already partially opened.
They're doing a little hunting for a
couple of mines that
they've already found. The ships are
starting to go out.
Now, on Friday it'll be completely open.
I don't think we're going to need much
help because we have an agreement where
it's going to be open
and toll-free.
>> Here's the latest. President Donald
Trump telling G7 delegates in France the
Strait of Hormuz will reopen fully on
Friday. Bloomberg reporting two
Iran-linked tankers are currently making
their way through the strait.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now
from the G7 summit in France. Tyler,
give us a sense of what the discussions
have been regarding this deal the
president says he has inked with Iran.
>> Hey Annemarie. Well, at this point
actually the G7 leaders right now are in
their working lunch and a senior
diplomat tells us that the sole focus of
this dialogue is going to be on a
potential international mission by our
allies to help secure the Strait of
Hormuz. Now, we've heard about this
mission before. The efforts are being
led by the United Kingdom and France to
potentially deploy this naval mission.
Though,
the allies have said that they're not
going to ultimately deploy any such
military assets until we actually get
some firmer details around what is in
this memorandum of understanding and we
see that signed potentially this Friday
in Switzerland. And that seems to be a
lot of where this discussion has been
focused. That these allies want some
more assurances on exactly what's in the
deal and the timeline that the US is
eyeing when it comes to the Strait of
Hormuz because, as you heard, President
Trump has outlined what is considered to
be a relatively aggressive timeline of
Friday for a full reopening, but a
senior administration official who
briefed us says that the US knows that
it's going to take time before the
traffic to ultimately ramp up, but that
they are expecting within 2 weeks we
could see an increase in flows, but part
of that is because there are still mines
in the strait and there still is this
weariness among commercial shippers as
they themselves also seek some
assurances here on how the US will
ensure safe transit. Now, Amory, we're
talking a lot about the immediate
reopening of the strait. Another big
question from allies here on the
sidelines of the G7 is what is the
future security going to look like after
we heard from Iranian state media
yesterday seem to imply that after this
60-day ceasefire extension, the country
could still seek to impose fees related
to what Iran is calling navigational
services.
>> Tyler, thank you so much for your work
in France. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall
there at the G7. Ariana Salvador, the
head of US public policy strategy at
Morgan Stanley, joins us now for more.
Thank you so much for joining us.
How important do you think it was for
the president to get this done now
before we go into peak driving season in
the summer, before everyone starts
traveling for July 4th, and then of
course the midterms?
>> Yeah, absolutely. When we think about
Trump's incentive structure, you can't
discount the importance of gasoline
prices, right? But when we think about
this in the election, we think about
this in the context of affordability.
Cost of living is the number one issue
for voters, right? Aside from foreign
policy, even the Iran war, you you being
largely net unfavorable for voters. And
on that front, we think what matters
more than the actual gasoline price in
the absolute level is the rate of
change. So, heading into peak driving
season, you know, coming into the fall,
if you're seeing gas prices actually on
the decline, that might set up a
different environment for Republicans
come November than you would have if the
election were today, right? So, that's
what we think about. But again, it's one
piece of the puzzle. We also think about
things like consumer sentiment. We look
at the generic ballot. We look at
prediction markets. All of these are
kind of painting that the mosaic of what
to expect.
>> look at polling and you look at surveys,
you see a consumer that's frustrated. At
the same time, the data shows they've
been relatively resilient.
>> Right.
>> How do you, you know, square that
circle?
>> Yeah, so when we think about the
consumer and the outlook there, our
economists are forecasting a step down
on a relative basis to last year, right?
So, just about 1.8%. That's still, you
know, okay levels. It's not as healthy
as it was last year, per se, but things
aren't falling off a cliff. And I think
that's, from a political perspective,
the most important point to underscore,
right? So, this is not the type of
environment that's going to necessitate
another reconciliation package, some
sort of direct relief to consumers,
something like that. That's not really
entering the conversations in Congress
as far as we can tell for now. What we
tend to look at is, like I said, aside
from consumer sentiment, things like the
generic ballot and how consumers are
feeling about the incumbent party in
Congress. And there what we see is that
Democrats are still up about seven
points. Um notably, that's actually
pretty similar to how they were doing at
this time in Trump's first term. The key
difference, of course, is that President
Trump's approval rating is almost 10
points lower now than it was back then.
So, when I look a little bit deeper into
that data, what you see is that there
has been a big swing away from Democrats
in terms of their favorability. So, not
just the approval rating of of sitting
lawmakers, but also the favorability of
the party brand as a whole, right?
relative to 2018. So, that's an
important consideration too when we
think about the outcome here. Obviously,
historical precedent is strong. Suggests
that the president's party is likely to
lose seats, but I think that the
outcomes here are still kind of
uncertain when we think about it in that
context.
>> going to say and and this is something
you've noted as well that prediction
markets, specifically Polymarket, has an
83% odds that the Democrats take the
House. How how offsides is that then?
>> So, I mean, look, the House and the
Senate are completely different animals
when we think about this. So, if we look
at the House, like I said, historical
precedent is strong. The president's
party almost always loses seats. I'd say
the bar is pretty low, right? So,
Speaker Johnson there is working with a
very thin majority. Um so, I think House
odds, you know, being being greater than
50% certainly makes sense. When we think
about the Senate, very different.
Obviously, not all the seats are up. The
map there is just extremely challenging
for Democrats. They have to win races
that are in states that Trump won in the
past election. You know, it's not
necessarily a kind of a done deal.
Republicans are also coming into that
with a with a bigger majority um than
than they've had in previous elections,
too.
>> Um again, something you point out which
I feel like is apt and not discussed
enough that a lot of the things that
have mattered for this market, things
like tariffs, are within the president's
purview. So, how should investors think
if there is any sort of change, be it in
the House or the Senate, how much it
matters for markets?
>> So, look, if you're a macro investor or
an equity investor, the answer to that
question is going to be different. So,
when I think about this from a macro
perspective, to your point, tariffs,
deregulation, immigration controls, you
know, foreign foreign policy,
geopolitics, all that is in the
president's control and I think that
kind of policy risk is likely to stay
stay elevated throughout, you know, the
next couple years, too. When I think
about this from a legislative
perspective, what really matters here, I
think there is some nuance and I think
in particular if you look at things like
health care and and consumer sectors,
that's where the difference comes in
because we had the one big beautiful
bill act legislated last summer. That
included some spending cuts, right, that
are going to take effect '27 and '28.
Now, I'm of the view that if you see
Democrats win both the House and the
Senate and they have what I call a
cohesive majority, so they're able to
unify and coalesce around some of the
key policy asks, they may be able to
work with the president on delaying,
softening, or extending those cuts. Now,
that limits the downside for some stocks
in in consumer and healthcare spaces
that are anticipating a falloff in
participation in programs like SNAP and
Medicaid.
>> Ariana, when it comes to affordability,
the president when he was asked about
negotiating with Iran says he doesn't
think of Americans' financial situation.
The context was I don't think of them
when I'm thinking of a nuclear Iran, but
that's going to be clipped and played. I
was recently with the president and I
asked him about getting into a Knicks
game. The game he went to, the getting
in price was $8,000 for nosebleed
tickets, and he said basically that's
life and it's semi-free on TV. Are these
messages going to land with consumers?
>> What we're seeing across the board is
exactly that point, right? And I think
that's reflected in the president's
approval rating kind of taking a bit of
a dip over the past few months, but
affordability policy has really been top
of mind since I would say January of
this year. The reality is there's a lot
that can be said about affordability
policy, there's very little that can be
done. When we think about the total
universe of what's available and then
what's kind of quick to implement, what
can impact voters ahead of November,
there's not that much out there. So, we
think about something like housing
policy, you know, we have the road to
Housing Act getting kind of ping-ponged
back and forth between the House and
Senate right now. That's not something
that's going to really,
you know, implement and and matter for
voters ahead of November. The easiest
lever the president has to pull is on
tariffs, and I think you could maybe see
something on that come July.
>> Ariana, thank you so much for your time
this morning.
>> Ariana Salvatore of Morgan Stanley.
Danny, this was a problem for the Biden
administration, now one for Trump, just
inflation too high. Prices are too high.
>> that with people
>> Yeah, the Biden administration had a
real problem in that they kept saying
the economy is fine when people didn't
feel fine.
>> Trump can't afford to make that mistake
again.
>> Absolutely not. All right, coming up in
the program, Sarah Kunst of Cleo Capital
[music] with what to expect from AI
executives that are attending the G7
summit. Plus, Yohai is back with your
morning movers. SpaceX continuing
[music]
its rise including some M&A news. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
Very good morning to you. I'm Anne Marie
Hordern alongside Danny Burger. Jonathan
and Lisa are off today. 2 hours away
from the cash open equity markets are of
course waiting for Kevin Warsh to speak
or have to wait one [music] more day.
But it does kick off his two-day policy
meeting today. It's a brand new era at
the [music] Fed. S&P 500 futures are
relatively flat though we are still
close to of course the all-time highs.
When it comes what's going on in the
bond market, we do have yields um lower
this morning of course potentially
giving a little bit of breathing room to
Kevin Warsh of course helping him out
even more and potentially the [music]
Fed could just look through this is the
oil price shock because this board says
it all. Not really a shock this morning.
$78.20
[music] Danny on New York crude.
>> Wow, and Brent
>> crude at an $80 handle. It's coming down
really rapidly. It's also coming down
further across the curve too. That big
separation between contracts is starting
to get smaller. There seems to be
optimism that not only can this conflict
end, but you can get oil back online
quickly. The Qataris have said it will
take about 2 months to get to something
like 80% capacity, but considering we've
been sitting here for now what 108 days
of this conflict, maybe 2 months isn't
too bad at this point. We can handle it.
>> is what if we reach [music] tank bottoms
or inventories
go so low? Then we'll be living on these
buffers which pretty much people say
we're there right now. And if the Strait
of Hormuz is not opened as quickly as
potentially the market is expecting,
[music]
this is when we can have maybe prices
move up higher in a much more elevated
pace and a pretty serious velocity. I'd
go back to what we heard early on in
this conflict and that was from Jeff
Currie saying you can't print molecules.
>> It was it was such a a pressing point
and it's really an issue because not
only do you need to get the straight
opened, you need to make sure that there
aren't mines there. You need to send
minesweepers to the region and you need
to have ships comfortable with moving
through and oh, you have to have Iran
agree to all these points. Are they
going to be okay with the idea that a
toll will not be put in place and we
know that Iran knows they have this
lever now.
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> emerges again, what's going to stop them
[music] from trying to close the
straight yet again? The Strait of Hormuz
has been a key leverage point for them.
They're going to use it. Potentially
we'll get more news on this. JD Vance,
the vice president, is expected to sign
that agreement in Switzerland on Friday.
I believe the Iranians are are sending
[music] Mohammad Gallibaf and before we
get to that, we're going to have the Fed
meeting. So, it's a really, really busy
week and we are 2 hours away from the
cash open. For some morning movers,
Yahaira is back. Hey, Yahaira.
>> Hi, Anne Marie. Well, it's official.
SpaceX has officially decided to buy AI
coding startup Cursor for $60
billion. It's a transaction that had
largely been expected and will be paid
for with SpaceX stock [music]
giving us an early glimpse as to how the
company plans to use its soaring
valuation to fund its AI ambitions. We
are seeing shares up 7 and 1/2% in the
pre-market and if these levels hold, it
will open with a valuation larger than
Amazon. And turning to the chip makers
yesterday, the Philadelphia
semiconductor index closed at a record
high as did Micron, but it was Western
Digital that stole the show.
It was the top gainer in the S&P
yesterday surging 16%. It's up another 8
and 1/2% in the pre-market. That
optimism carrying into today with names
like Micron and Qualcomm also higher in
the pre-market. [music] And we end on
Robinhood. It is the latest company to
latest tech company to [music] announce
layoffs saying that it is cutting 10% of
its workforce or roughly 290 of its
employees. It joins the likes [music] of
Block, Snap, Pinterest that have also
cut its workforce. Shares are up 2% in
the pre-market though Robinhood is down
13% this year [music] as crypto
continues to struggle. Anne Marie?
>> Yeah, Hira. On our radar this morning,
[music] President Donald Trump
dismissing claims that the US government
will give Iran $300 to rebuild.
>> We can talk about the Iranian war day
long, but we're not investing any money.
We have the right to if we want, but
we're not investing any money.
>> The president calling the reports quote
fake news. And Anthropic working to ease
tensions with the White House. Sources
telling us here at Bloomberg staff from
the company have met with US officials
in an effort to lift curbs on its AI
models. The New York Post also reporting
a resolution could be worked out
directly with CEO Dario Amodei. And
spending at Open AI surging ahead of its
highly anticipated IPO. Financial Times
reporting the chat GPT maker spent more
than $34 billion
on research, marketing, and other costs
in 2025. The spending glut accounting
for a nearly eightfold increase in net
losses in one year. And we spoke to Dan
Ives earlier and he was basically just
like, look through this.
This is the first, second, third inning
>> Right.
>> of this of this entire sector,
especially when it comes to Open AI.
>> What this makes me think of is just the
amount that these large frontier models
have been subsidizing for compute. That
they haven't been charging as much to
companies because they're trying to get
those customers. Hence the spend on
things like marketing. If the business
model is starting to look challenged,
especially if they're public companies,
do they start to charge more for compute
and inferences? Something that a lot of
people have been expecting. And what
does that do to this whole AI trade?
Does it really make companies as willing
to continue to double down and spend as
much as they have been if all of a
sudden compute gets more expensive?
>> is why you have some people coming out
and saying it's actually cheaper to have
human capital, to have humans working
some of these jobs than to pay up for
that compute.
>> way, does it all come back around to the
infrastructure spend, the thing that's
been supporting the US economy? If
people aren't using AI as much cuz it's
too expensive, do we need all the data
centers that we've been building, maybe?
>> a massive a massive risk to this economy
as well as to this market.
>> Sticking with tech, AI executives
expected to attend the G7 summit to
discuss policy and potential risk. Sarah
Kunst of Cleo Capital warning some major
changes to the AI industry could come
from the meetings in France. She writes,
"The biggest risk bubbling up from
Anthropic is a sector-wide rotation out
of US-controlled AI names and into more
sovereign ones. We may see this as a
theme out of G7." Sarah joins us now.
Sarah, I loved your note. Can you walk
us through what this rotation could look
like?
>> Uh you know, we know that France has
been sort of banging the drum for a
sovereign AI for a while, as have a lot
of other countries. Uh you know, we saw
Mark Carney with some some comments to
that effect. Uh you the UK has been
talking a lot about that. But the
interesting thing particularly about
France is they actually have the
companies to back it up. So they have uh
AI sort of neo lab unicorns like
Mistral. They have Yann LeCun who is a
long-time sort of head of AI at Facebook
who recently left Facebook at seemingly
exactly the right time given all the
chaos going on with their AI teams. And
now he is actually back in his home
country and he raised over a billion
dollars for a seed round uh to build his
own AI neo lab. And so there is a real
risk, I think, to not just Anthropic,
but to SpaceX, to to OpenAI, um that a
lot of countries around the world say,
hey, maybe we don't want to be dependent
on the whims of the White House
and we want to invest elsewhere in our
AI spend.
>> Sarah, how are you thinking though about
this fight really or disagreement
between the White House and Anthropic?
Because at the same time Dario Amodei
has been coming out and saying well,
this is very dangerous technology and it
should be regulated and the White House
basically said, okay, you're right then
and we'll put export controls on them.
>> You know, Dario is good at his job but
he is relatively new to this and I think
what he is learning is that this is not
a great administration to sort of try to
call their bluff. The funny thing about
this AI model is a lot of experts are
pointing to open open AI's I think 5.5
GPT saying hey, this can do basically
the same thing. So Anthropic on one hand
is talking up how they are the best,
they have the most advanced models. It's
way too dangerous. You don't even want
to be able to touch it. We can't give it
to you. And the White House said, bet,
right? And so now there's a really good
chance that they are going to have to go
figure out how to make that right. And
in Donald Trump's administration that
tends to mean that you give him
something. So I expect to see some sort
of deal that is good for the White
House, that is good for the president
come out of this sort of marketing issue
really.
>> Sarah, what could that be? What can
Anthropic offer this White House?
>> Trump loves money. He loves gold. I mean
there's a lot He likes equity. He'll
take equity if he can't get anything
else. I I think that they will find
something
that works well for them. In other
administrations you might think hey, is
it going to be a cyber security
backdoor?
You know, is it going to be sort of some
kill switches? That is less what this
administration tends to be motivated by
and it tends to be more hey, I have the
ability to make sure that you are as big
or small as I want you to be. And in the
words of the mob it is a nice store and
it would be unfortunate if something
happened to it.
>> Sarah, does that mean as we're
evaluating these companies that when
we're deciding who's ahead in the
frontier AI space race race between
OpenAI and Anthropic as these companies
become public, that it's as much of a
political question as it is a technical
one?
>> Absolutely. Um, you know, the tech is
the tech. There are a lot of very smart
engineers who can build this tech around
the world. Uh, the the real question in
terms of who's going to win, I think at
least in the US is going to be who can
stay on side and we see that from the
data centers being built often over
community objections, um, where you do
have to have someone in power willing to
come in and say we want this to happen,
we're going to make this happen. Or on
the flip side, they can say actually we
don't want this and then you're in a lot
of trouble.
>> Sarah, is this going to hurt Anthropic
ahead of their planned IPO?
>> I don't think it's going to hurt them.
Um, I I think that there are a lot of
macro risk in general with these IPOs
when you see how much money they're
burning, um, how sort of unstable some
of that revenue still is. Anthropic's a
a more enterprise-focused company, so
their their revenue's certainly more
stable and they spend less than OpenAI
and I think that that will play in their
favor. I think if the SpaceX IPO
continues to do what it has been doing,
uh, you know, that that that will also
be good for Anthropic. So I don't think
that being in the news is having the
most powerful, scariest AI in all of the
land is going to be bad for them in the
short term. I do think there are
questions long term for what this does
to their international business.
>> They're still
regarded as a supply chain risk though
to the Department of Defense. Do you
think as the White House works this out
with Dario that the DOD reverses?
>> I I think that was a pretty political
decision, um, and and Dario's been
pretty, you know, candid about his views
on that as well. And so, yeah, I I think
that if he is a great deal maker, uh, we
could see him come out of this with sort
of everything he wants and needs uh to
to have a green light to that IPO. Um
but I I think that that there's a lot of
chapter sort of left to write in that
book.
>> You mentioned SpaceX. Just want to end
on this because the SpaceX stock this
morning is once again surging. Market
cap, it's about to overtake Amazon
today. But there's going to be a number
of liquidity events and Danny had run
through them. Do we need to wait to
really see where this stock levels off
uh basically at the end of the year?
>> Yeah, I mean I I think when you look at
the sort of super unconventional uh
liquidity events that happen very, very
early and and we don't even know who,
right? We don't know which institutions
uh have the green light to get that
early liquidity. That is not normal. Um
you know, we know that that the way that
they're going into the indexes so early
is not at all what we normally see. And
the reality is they're losing money and
they don't make much money. Most of
their sort of business plans are are not
yet feasible. One of the reasons why
they bought Cursor. And so I I think
that if you haven't already bought into
this stock at some single, you know,
double-digit billions years ago, this is
probably not the time to do it.
>> Sarah, thank you so much for joining us
this morning. Sarah Kounovsky of Clio
Capital. And to that point where Elon
Musk thinks he's going to be in terms of
revenue by 2030 is so different, about
$500 billion different than some
analysts think they're going to be.
>> I mean, the banks I I still go back to
the banks
>> putting a $29 trillion TAM on this
company feels crazy. But they also think
we're going to get like 10 million
people to Mars, too.
>> So if we get that many
>> centers?
>> Yes, I mean that I mean the physics of
getting data centers in space. We're
talking to uh Sheelagh Sheelagh Cayaglu
of Jefferies who said that you need to
be sending 27 rockets a day to space in
order to make this reality. Like my puny
little human brain can't comprehend how
they're
>> We're not there yet, but if you hear
Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk talk about it.
>> They say we will get there one day.
>> Yeah, I mean they're true visionaries.
Maybe we do.
>> Yeah. Let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere, right here on Earth. Here's
your Bloomberg Brief with Vani Quinn.
Hey, Vani.
>> Hey, Annmarie.
Well, the bulls cannot be broken, it
seems. The Bank of America June Fund
Manager Survey finding investors are,
quote, steadfastly bullish with 56% of
surveyed investors saying AI stocks are
still in the boom phase.
And on the World Cup, Spain receiving
the most support with 22% [music]
expecting the European country to win.
BlackRock is eliminating about 200 jobs
in roles across investment operations
and technology. The move marks the
company's fourth round of job cuts in
less than 2 years [music] as it
continues to trim head count while
expanding through major acquisitions.
And back to sports, the New York Knicks
are on pace to become the best-selling
team ever on Fanatics, the online sports
merchandise seller in the US.
Immediately after New York's victory on
Saturday night, Fanatics released more
than 300 Knicks branded championship
products. At one point, the company was
taking in 8,000 orders per minute.
>> [music]
>> And that is your Bloomberg Brief,
Annmarie.
>> So well deserved. And I know everyone is
going out and getting more Nick merch if
they didn't have it. If they didn't
[music] have Knicks merch, they're going
out and buying them like myself. Um but
obviously we here at Team Surveillance
have been on
>> [music]
>> the Knicks for a while. We didn't have
to wait for the championship. All right,
up next, changing the institution.
>> When you're easing, you want to create
animal spirits, you want to create
economic velocity. [music]
And so I actually think not having
forward guidance or having less forward
guidance is actually a real tool that
you can utilize going forward.
>> Carsten Slok of Apollo joins us next.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. The [music] Kevin Warsh
era kicks off today. Equity markets are
waiting on the next catalyst for this
[music] market. They certainly like the
news out of the White House that they
are close to this agreement with Iran.
The president says the Strait of Hormuz
will reopen in earnest on Friday.
There's a little bit of skepticism,
[music] clearly, that how quickly you
can get product really moving through
the Strait of Hormuz. Remember before
this conflict, [music] it was about 20
million barrels a day. Their energy
secretary told me they're now seeing 7
million barrels a day move. Although you
have some oil executives pushing [music]
back and saying it's a little bit lower.
So more news is needed on that front, as
well as what to expect from the Fed. And
that is under surveillance this morning,
[music] changing the institution.
>> One of the beauties of what the Fed has
is its voice. When you're easing, it's
very different than you're tightening.
When you're tightening, you want to be
foreshadowing. When you're easing, you
don't want that. You want to create
animal spirits. You want to create
economic velocity. And so I actually
[music] think not having forward
guidance, or having less forward
guidance, actually a real tool that you
can utilize going forward.
>> Here's the latest. Investors are waiting
Kevin Warsh's first meeting [music] as
Federal Reserve chair. As worrying
inflation adds to uncertainty over the
direction of rates. Torsten Slok of
Apollo writing, with geopolitical risk
easing and Fed chair Kevin Warsh focus
on simplifying Fed communication, the
number of words in the FOMC statement
could move down to levels seen under
Alan Greenspan. Torsten joins us now.
Okay, so when the statement comes out,
do I need to read it first or just do a
quick word count?
>> [laughter]
>> I would certainly need to read it first
because the key issue here is, of
course, what style of communication are
we going to get? And in particular, what
is the forward guidance? Is there any
forward guidance? Is he going to say
that we do not like forward guidance?
This is still very, very unclear area in
terms of what is the communication
style, and what is Kevin Warsh going to
do in terms of what is he going to say
at the press conference.
>> Former Fed Governor Betsy Duke was just
on with us and she was talking about how
there could be a complete rewrite of the
statement, not just a little tweak of
the easing bias. Is that what you're
expecting as well?
>> I think that is something that we should
expect as one of the outcomes. We just
don't know. So, that's the reason why
the market of course has been used to
having very well anchored expectations
around the dot plot. The dot plot has
been around now for 15 years almost. The
SEP meeting and the forecast has been
around for almost 20 years. So, most
people in financial markets have grown
up with very anchored expectations about
the economic outlook and very anchored
expectations about what the Fed will do.
And this discussion about is there an
anchor, is there not an anchor? Of
course, it's good to have an anchor in
the sense that that's clear then we
everyone knows where we're going. But at
the same time, if the world changes,
then it's not good to have an anchor and
this is the debate up on the scale,
namely do we want to have an anchor or
do we not want to have an anchor that
will give more flexibility to the FOMC.
>> In this very moment, if we remove some
of that, if we remove some of the
forward guidance, does that not all
things considered make us a little bit
more hawkish cuz we don't have that
residual easing bias that had been there
before?
>> Yes, and actually particularly important
if we begin to think about the
discussion around rates because Kevin
Warsh has also been focusing on
shrinking the balance sheet. And a
compromise could potentially be that
well, we're not going to change much
communication on rates, but maybe saying
that the balance sheet will be smaller
is implicitly also going to be a
tightening of policy. So, it all depends
on where the committee stands and where
they discuss today and what the outcomes
is in terms of how should they
communicate? How are they going to
signal to your point, Danny, that there
is still some problems with inflation
being too high. We still have a very
strong labor market. Which all argues
for that the Fed should be tightening
financial conditions.
>> Do you think this is a Chair Warsh who
will want to sort of galvanize a
consensus as Powell had? And how
challenging will that be if so? If he
does want to implement something in his
words of a regime change for the Fed.
>> Well, I Kevin Warsh knows what he's
doing, but I think what is a very
important challenge of course for him is
that if he wants any changes, basically
he needs to have the other 11 members on
the FOMC, the voting members, on board
with whatever he wants to change. So,
that's why it must be clear also for
him, he needs to get them on his side in
terms of any decision made. Because
always decisions about not only rates,
also about QE, QT, whatever needs to be
changed in terms of policy, there are 12
voting members, and they vote about what
do they want to change, and therefore
the number of dissents also potentially
becomes important when we get the
statement tomorrow.
>> Do you think we get less Fed speak then
with a Kevin Warsh as the Fed chair?
>> Well, that's really challenging because
telling the regional Fed presidents that
they are not allowed to talk more, even
the governors that they are not allowed
to talk more, that's just not possible.
So, and given we have had a history now
of a lot of communication, that means
also the market has been putting more
weight on the Fed chair. And I think the
market will continue to put most weight
on the Fed chair.
>> And don't you think we've seen more of
this robust debate and communication
because of Steve Myron, who was a Trump
appointee? So, it would be pretty odd if
Kevin Warsh came in and said, "Actually,
stop talking as much."
>> Yeah, because we have also had some of
course to your point here that we have
some quite diverging views in terms of
the dot plot, and this is of course also
why the dot plot creates sometimes a bit
more confusion. Yes, it may be anchoring
expectations, but the standard deviation
of those expectations also get a lot of
attention. In other words, how divergent
are the views in terms of what's going
to happen in the future? And we don't
know which dot is the Fed chair's dot.
So, that also makes it more complicated
in terms of the dots coming out actually
going to be helpful in the sense of
anchoring expectations, or do they raise
more questions about the uncertainty of
what is the disagreement on the
committee?
>> There's also a debate right now whether
or not Kevin Warsh puts a dot on the
plot.
>> Yeah, because he could also decide to
This would be highly unusual of course
that we would of course decide He could
decide to say, "I'm not going to put in
a dot." He could also decide to say,
"I'm not going to submit my SEP
forecast." Meaning his forecast where he
thinks the economy is going. That would
be pretty dramatic. So, if the goal here
for him, remember the most important job
for the Fed chair is really to create
consensus about a decision. All books
written by previous Fed chairs, they all
emphasize that a key part of the job is
to basically call around to all the
voting FOMC members and also the
non-voting members and say, "What do you
think should be the outcome of this
meeting? What is your view?" And try to
come up with some solution and try to
come up with some path where he can get
a majority and ideally a big majority
for the decision that they're going to
take.
>> It's complicated, but does this week's
news on Iran, a deal, a memorandum of
understanding being signed on Friday,
make things less complicated for uh Fed
chair Warsh?
>> Absolutely, because one key issue was
that inflation is still at roughly 3% in
core PCE and core CPI. And the problem
is when inflation is three and the Fed's
target is two, then now we have at least
one good news is of course that we have
energy prices coming down, but we still
have a fairly strong economy getting
tailwinds from the AI boom, getting
tailwinds from the one big bill of a
bill. And we also at the same time have
upper pressure inflation from tariffs
still hanging over and putting upward
pressure as several Fed posts have been
suggesting. So, the key answer to your
question is he absolutely is absolutely
helped he's helped by the fact that
energy prices are moving lower.
>> Yeah, he's helped, but again to your
point, Warsh, there's inflation coming
from other parts of this economy. So, if
he wants to lean more dovish, if he
wants to kind of like fulfill the
promise that he had been talking to from
Trump, what parts of this parts of this
economy can he point to to say we can
still get a cut this year?
>> Yeah, and the double-edged sword is of
course that when energy prices go down,
then we spend less money on energy and
we spend more money on something else.
And given that literally all
high-frequency indicators are still very
strong, still very strong data from the
TSA, how many people traveling
airplanes, still very strong data on the
weekly data from Redbook and how many
people are consuming stuff at Walmart
and Target and TJ Maxx. And we also have
still very strong data when it comes to
hotel demand on a weekly basis. So,
there just is very little signs that no
signs essentially at this point of the
economy slowing down. So, too high
inflation, strong labor market, that
argues of course for the Fed needs to
move towards a more hawkish stance.
>> Consumers are frustrated in polls and
surveys, but resilient in the data.
>> It's remarkable, but it's been a
disconnect that has been going on for so
long that I think people have started to
really discount any sort of that survey
data to say this doesn't matter cuz this
is not what the consumer is actually
doing.
>> Torsten, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Torsten Slok of Apollo.
Coming up in the program, Julie Beal of
Cain Anderson Rudnick, the president of
Cisco G 2 Patel, and Andrew [music]
Hollenhorst of City, as well as
Katherine Rooney Vera of Stone Axe.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
Good morning.
>> Risk appetite is completely alive and
well.
>> We're in an environment where liquidity
is incredibly important.
>> This market is still very dependent on
the AI trade.
>> a sector that's in the middle of a super
cycle.
>> The enthusiasm is hard to overlook right
now.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz,
and Ann Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance live from New York City for
audience worldwide. The third hour of
Bloomberg Surveillance starts right now.
I'm Ann Marie Hordern alongside Danny
Burger today. Jonathan Ferro and Lisa
Abramowicz are off. We'll be hearing
from Lisa a little bit later sitting
down with the RBC CEO. And Danny, it's a
stacked week. Today [music] really
begins a new era at the Federal Reserve
with Kevin Warsh at the helm. They kick
off their [music] two-day policy
meeting. And then everyone is so looking
forward to the statement, his
communication. How does he [music] talk
about the Federal Reserve going forward?
And all of this as we are waiting on
more details on the this deal the
president [music] said he struck with
Iran. That signing is going to be
happening in Switzerland on Friday, and
the president says the Strait of Hormuz
will be reopening [music]
on Friday. Maybe a soft launch.
>> So, if you're coming into this market on
Monday, you get this huge boost from
this idea that we're going to get a
deal. But, Emry, all the things that
you're talking about the calendar just
leads to uncertainty. The risk remain
that [music] conviction remains missing.
WTI could possibly be leaning hawkish.
AI has [music] started to become
politicized. That's a problem for this
market, too. Plus, a wall of supply
coming to this equity market in the form
of issuance. There are still a lot of
risk for this market. That maybe puts a
ceiling just on how much we can rally
and just how much of a peace dividend we
can price in.
>> Maybe potentially holding back more
gains when it comes to what's going on
in the equity market, but they don't
seem to be looking at a ton of risks
right now. [music] You have futures
relatively flat fat flat, but S&P
yesterday just a percentage short of
all-time highs. The Nasdaq yesterday up
3%. The AI trade continues. A lot of
that probably boosted by, of course,
what's going on in some of these AI
names, especially SpaceX. And then,
Danny, when you look at the oil market
this morning, $78
when it comes to WTI. There are risks
though [music] in this market that
you've been pointing to that executives
have been pointing to when it comes to
the physical market. And this story
getting a readership spike across the
terminal. US emergency supply of [music]
crude oil has fallen to its lowest level
since 1983.
So, if anything bad were to happen,
people are starting to worry about the
cushions that are left to supply this
market.
>> Yeah, I was talking with Rebecca
Patterson, Matt and I were, of the
Council of Foreign Relations yesterday,
[music]
who basically said, "Look, oil prices
can come down, but they can only come
down so far." [music] For one, we know
that Iran has this leverage over the
strait that they can use, whatever. But,
two, it's this point [music] that the US
is going to have to refill the strategic
reserves. And that itself will be a
buyer that comes into this market that
pushes [music] oil prices higher. So,
you can't have too much of a relief of
prices coming down across the curve at
this moment.
>> And all you would need to do to
potentially wreak some havoc on this
market right now is to see China start
ramping up its imports cuz they've been
holding back on some of those imports
[music] that they normally have, the
levels they have. Yeah, to your point
they've, you know, been hoarding to some
degree, too, [music] and they're running
through that.
>> Again, it gets to this question of a
physical market that still seems quite
constrained.
>> Coming to the program, Julie Biel of
Kayne Anderson Rudnick [music] with
stocks eyeing a fourth day of gains.
Cisco president Gitu Patel on the next
phase of the AI arms race. And Andrew
Hollenhorst of Citi expecting a dovish
tilt from Fed chair Kevin Warsh. We
begin this hour with stocks holding
steady as the Federal Reserve's two-day
meeting begins. Julie Biel of Kayne
Anderson Rudnick writing, quote,
"Inflation and jobs are the things to
focus on. Earnings growth for now is on
cruise control. Stay invested, but you
make sure your portfolio can withstand
higher interest rates." Julie joins us
now. Julie, welcome to the program. What
are you expecting to hear from the
Federal Reserve chair if you're trying
to look at your portfolio that should be
able to withstand those higher interest
rates?
>> I I think the thing that I'm most
curious to see is how they talk about
forward guidance. I think that's the
place where there is a real desire for
Kevin Warsh to, you know, rein in a lot
of what gets said. And I think that he's
pretty limited in his ability to do so
because I think that now this market is
pretty attached to its dot plot. It's
pretty attached to all of the forward
expectations in terms of where the
economy is going to be cuz that's kind
of what we all use to be able to
handicap whether or not we're going to
see rate increases or cuts.
I think it's pretty important to set out
exactly how you're going to start
communicating to the market. I think
it's unrealistic to think we're going to
get back to the Alan Greenspan days
where, you remember, he could talk for 2
hours straight and you would actually
hear nothing incrementally that would
help you make a decision one way or the
other.
>> You have in your note, I worry that
hopes of a massive decline in oil price
in the near term is unrealistic. Those
massive declines though might give Kevin
Warsh some breathing space this week.
What are you most worried about when it
comes to potentially higher oil prices
cuz we're not seeing that on the board
today?
>> I I think that for now we're probably in
good shape because that there everyone
is
really really reacting to having this
reopening and it really sets everyone to
feel good about where oil prices are
going to be. The problem is it's not
just the US that's going to be
rebuilding its strategic reserves. China
has talked about rebuilding and
expanding their already gargantuan
reserves that they have and I think that
the rest of the world can really
recognize that we're in a different era
geopolitically. I should make sure that
I've more safety stock than I did before
because the markets themselves are going
to be probably less efficient if we have
these kinds of interruptions. And so I
think that there is a larger natural
buyer for quite a long time and that I
think is going to create like a real
concrete floor for oil prices. I don't
think they can go too much lower from
where they are here.
>> What does that mean for the broadening
out trade Julie because that's clearly
and it has been a bigger issue for
places beyond the US like Europe and
like Asia. Does that mean that that sort
of idea that you can get a rally that
expands beyond the USA type of names is
somewhat hamstrung?
>> I agree. I think that it creates a
challenge for a lot of these businesses
particularly outside of the US. You
know, I think it's going to be relief
for them to not be at a hundred dollars,
but I do think that it creates some
challenges for the broader market for
industries that are really dependent on
oil prices. So you know, and I also
think that part of the struggle is that
it really takes time for these things to
filter through. I I hear President Trump
talking about the street reopening as
soon as Friday, but I think we all know
insurance companies are not that keen to
send ships through or be the first one.
So, I think it really does take time for
some normalization, and I think as it
filters through the rest of the prices
in terms of fertilizer, plastics,
resins, etc. That takes time, too. I
think that when you think about the
broader price increases, so far they've
been digested pretty well. You have a
consumer that is very grumpy about price
increases, but has the capital and the
the wallet to be able to take them on.
It's just how much more price increase
can we really expect to digest easily.
>> Well, now we're looking at the average
price of gasoline back around $4 a
barrel, Julie. Does the discontent among
the consumer though remain just that,
just discontent discontent rather, and
not actually something that translates
into action or a true pulling pulling
back of spending?
>> I you know, I think it really depends
who you ask. I think when you you know,
you talk about I I agree with this idea
that there's this K-shaped economy. I
think it's more of an E-shaped economy,
which I really like where it's been a
while that the low-income consumer has
been under a lot of pressure. There are
enough jobs to be able to scrape by, but
the number of people that are just
scraping by with two jobs is what
creates a lot of discontent for them,
particularly as they just continue to
see oil prices increase. But, I think
that broadly speaking, you know, we've
had a real disconnect from what the
sentiment data says versus what people
are actually doing in terms of going out
and spending. And I think as long as
jobs are there for people and they feel
like they have the prospect of better
wages over time. They're not right here
right now, right? It's it's been
outpaced by inflation, but if they have
the prospect of that, I think that they
continue to spend. The minute there
really starts to be a crack or a
weakening in the labor market, I think
that is where consumer sentiment changes
because a lot of the consumer behavior
is not just necessarily I lost my job,
but I might lose my job. That's really
pretty critical, too.
>> Julie, thank you for bringing us a new
letter in terms of how to describe this
economy, but if you are invested in this
market, how would you describe this if
you think it's an E-shaped economy? How
would you want to project that into a
portfolio and to the market?
>> Well, I think in terms of your consumer
exposure, you really have to recognize
just how under pressure a lot of the
low-income consumer is and that it's
hard to see the places the relief valves
for that consumer. For me, I have been
taking out a lot of the exposure that I
had to a lower-income consumer. And then
if you're thinking about retail more
broadly, most of us can really recognize
that post-pandemic there was so much
pent-up demand, but now we kind of
expect to see good value. And value can
be up and down in terms of, you know,
the price point, but you just want to
feel like you're getting your money's
worth because you're not getting your
money's worth in lots of other places.
It could be insurance or gas prices,
what have you. So, I think that the
retailers that are really demonstrating
an ability to deliver great
merchandising and things like that, I
think they're better positioned. But I
think when I, you know, am exposed to
what are whether I really want to have a
ton of exposure to the low-income
consumer in any kind of sector, it's not
really a place that I think I want to be
in right now.
>> I I realize this is this is not
necessarily a question about to ask
about the low-income consumer, but
consumers more generally. How big of a
difference does it make to have the
stock market roaring like it is now? It
has been record household exposure to
the equity market. And at the same time,
I mean, SpaceX's IPO itself minted what,
like 4,000 new millionaires? Julie, how
important of a pillar is the equity
market becoming in holding up the
American consumer?
>> I I think it's actually pretty large and
I think that people understate exactly
how important it has become. Not even
just in terms of people looking at their
portfolios, but I think younger people
that are on Robinhood and that are
investing and getting excited about the
markets and what have you and feeling
some of that wealth effect even though
they actually haven't created so much
wealth for themselves. They're seeing
the stock market go up and that's giving
them more confidence and excitement.
This is an unusual time because many
times the wealth effects that most times
we feel as consumers are related to our
houses. And that really hasn't been the
case. What's really been driving wealth
effects and confidence in terms of
portfolios has really been the stock
market. So if that gets taken away as a
an element you can point to as I'm still
in good shape because my portfolio is in
good shape. I do wonder if that is the
thing that really makes people pull back
on their spending. We saw it, you know,
quickly during the for the 30 seconds
during the pandemic where it really took
some confidence out of people's sales
even those with very, very robust
portfolios.
>> Julie, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Julie Beal of Cain
Anderson Rudnick. Let's get you an
update on stories we're watching
elsewhere. Here's your Bloomberg brief
with Yahaira Annen. Hey Yahaira.
>> Hi Anne Marie. Oil is sliding for a
fourth straight day on track for its
longest losing streak of the year as the
US Iran deal to reopen the Strait of
Hormuz boosts expectations for a boost
in supply. Morgan Stanley and Goldman
Sachs cutting their price outlooks for
the coming quarters.
The coach of Iran's World Cup team says
his squad was ordered to leave the US
and return to [music] its home training
base in Mexico just hours after their
2-2 draw against [music] New Zealand.
The team had expected to spend the night
in the Los Angeles area but was told to
board a plane to Tijuana.
And Texas [music] and parts of the Gulf
Coast are facing several days of heavy
rain and flood risk. Forecasters are
also monitoring [music] a developing
system that has a 50% chance of becoming
a tropical storm. Texas Governor Greg
Abbott has issued a disaster declaration
for 101 counties including the Houston
and [music] Austin areas. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Enríque.
>> Thank you so much, Yohai. Up next, the
morning calls. Plus, Cisco President G 2
Patel on navigating the next phase of AI
adoption. That's [music] next. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> We often talk about tech and AI and then
the Mag 7, but the Mag 7 is somewhat
flat this year while tech overall is up
almost 20%. Small cap tech is up 50%.
So, I think what could [music] happen is
you see some money rotate out of some of
these big mega cap tech stocks and and
and money goes to other areas over time.
I do think that's more of a headwind
than a tailwind.
>> That was Keith Lerner of Truist speaking
to us earlier this morning. Markets this
morning, of course, are holding steady.
Yesterday, we had S&P 500 just 1% short
of a record high. The Nasdaq closed up
3%. The market is moving on from what's
going on in Iran. Although, you have to
say Deutsche Bank's Jim Reid had a good
point. [music] Potentially, we're just
waiting for a little bit more details as
well when it comes to disagreement. The
president said the Strait of Hormuz
isn't going to open up on Friday. A lot
of people are skeptical when it comes
[music] to that. And then here's the
board that Kevin Warsh will be looking
at this morning when he gathers for the
first time as a Federal Reserve Chair.
Danny yields just a little bit lower,
maybe giving him a little bit more
breathing space. [music] Yeah, cuz there
have been this conversation that the
bond market is already testing Chair
Warsh before he comes in by sending
[music] yields higher. We were something
around 4 and 1/2%. Now, we move back to
4.44. It's not a complete relief rally
yet because to your point Anne Marie,
there still are a lot of uncertainties.
But if we have something of a deal, it
certainly does give him more room
>> [music]
>> to at least just pause. Maybe we still
get a removal of the easing bias. Maybe
to former Fed official Betsy Duke's
point, you still have something that's
more of a hawkish Kevin Warsh. But at
the moment, maybe this just allows him
to play for time.
>> [music]
>> All right, time now for the morning
calls. First up, Jefferies raising its
price target on American Airlines saying
demand remains solid [music] with fares
up 20% year over year. Next up,
Rosenblatt raising its price target on
Roku to $160 [music] seeing the headline
acquisition price offered by Fox as not
only reasonable but beatable. And
finally, Wolfe Research upgrading
Palantir to peer perform after resuming
coverage saying the company has the best
product market [music] fit of any
enterprise software maker in the market
today. And Danny, what did Dan Ives say?
Is it Jalen Brunson of AI right now?
>> it is Palantir.
>> He said it's Palantir and software right
now would be
>> The Wemby trade.
>> All right, AI adoption facing a harsh
reality check. A new report from Cisco
finding [music] 61% of organizations are
holding back on increasing scale until
there's greater confidence in security.
Cisco president and chief product
officer G 2 Patel joins us now. G 2,
thank you so much for your time this
morning. If that's a key challenge and
right now for for the AI trade, how do
we get past that given it's moving so
quickly?
>> Uh firstly, thank you for having me on
the show Anne Marie. And if you think
about AI and what's happening right now,
there's we are moving from this era of
chatbots which were largely
um you know, human driven to agents
which are largely machine driven where
agents are going to conduct tasks and
jobs for us almost fully autonomously.
And so this kind of notion of um
making sure that security is is really a
big part of it because you want to trust
delegation to the agent
gets to be increasingly more and more
important. And as these models get more
and more powerful
organizations are kind of thinking about
what do they need to do to feel um,
safe and secure as they trust these
workflows to these agents. So that it's
a normal course of course of maturity
for these um,
these different technologies, but you
are seeing a fair amount of emphasis
around safety and security being um,
being at the center of the discussion
right now.
>> What does it mean for you and Cisco to
be a part of Project Glasswing? Of
course you're wordy working with
Anthropic, OpenAI, some of the most
advanced models and being able to test
them before adversaries do.
>> Yeah, so you know, one of the things
that happened a few months ago was
Anthropic came out with um, um, a very
powerful model called Mythos and um,
they invited about um,
11 or 12 12 companies to go out and
participate in this initiative called
Project Glasswing.
And it was a really um, you know, good
step forward because what they did was
they invited certain critical
infrastructure companies to participate
in seeing what Glasswing could do to go
out and identify vulnerabilities in the
infrastructure before they made it open
to the general public. And so we were we
were one of those companies because we
have um, such a massive footprint and
um,
uh, it's actually been
uh, tremendously we have a great
partnership with Anthropic and we
actually continued to make sure that we
identified areas where which could be
exposure points for customers and
actually started to patch them. And one
of the other things we've done is I uh,
is built technology where this notion of
patching infrastructure is really hard
because you have to bring down your
system. So what we've done is also built
technologies that can give you the
interim stopgap while you have patched.
So um, we've got this new technology
called Live Protect that allows you to
make sure that while you are in this
window where the vulnerability is
announced and you've patched, we can
also make sure that we
uh we have this kind of interim step
where you can provide a shield so that
you as an organization minutes from the
time that a vulnerability is announced
are still feeling safe and secure and
don't have to wait for 45 days before a
patch typically gets applied, so.
>> Well, GT, presumably you don't have
access to that most powerful model
anymore considering what's happening
with the White House and with Anthropic.
How big of a blow is this just for the
advancement of AI? I mean, as a
business, be it Cisco or any other
enterprise, surely you're not going to
adopt a model and try to implement it if
you know there's a risk that just one
day the switch gets turned off.
>> So, what we what what we do have is
access to
the the previous model from Mythos,
Mythos 4, and then that we we continue
to keep working with them.
And I think it's really important for
the private sector and the public sector
over here to partner pretty closely
because
um these are issues of national
security, these are issues of critical
infrastructure, so you know, um
the
the public and private sector have to
continue to partner up and make sure
that they are um they're educating each
other and we're learning as we go along
um
b- because it's it's it's th- these are
kind of times that no one's navigated
before. There's such a profound impact
of AI globally at this point in time
that you want to make sure that these
models that are out are are safe and
secure for people to use.
>> The other thing we're navigating right
now and businesses are navigating as
Citrini Research put it, moving from an
era of token matching to token panic,
just the sheer cost of compute. I have
to say, it feels like people are quite
divided on this. GT, I was having a
conversation with a private equity
executive yesterday who was like, "It's
not a concern. These frontier models
have every incentive in the world to
figure out how to bend time and space
and to make this cheaper that it somehow
way this is going to be figured out.
Should we be concerned about the cost
right now? Is this a real issue for
enterprises to try to navigate?
>> So the way I think about this is there's
three phases on how you actually start
to use these these models. The first
phase AI you know, using AI is like
riding a bicycle. The first time you get
on it, you're not good at it. So first
you have to get familiar with it, then
you have to get good at it and then you
get efficient with it. The problem is
while you're getting familiar and good,
you're actually incurring costs of
tokens. So there is a cost of tokens
that is actually in some cases can
sometimes get to be prohibitive because
these agents start working and so what
what I think is going to be really
important for most organizations is to
get really both efficient and secure at
generating tokens and the use of tokens.
And so it's not something that you can
you can take lightly because there is a
cost run up that could happen. But on
the other hand, this is not a reason to
kind of pull back and not use AI because
AI is going to be so foundational to the
way that companies operate in the future
that you just have to get efficient with
it. And and the way that we've done it
is we've actually got tooling in place
where you can and be we make this
available as as a product to the market
as well for tokenomics where you can say
is the infrastructure working at a at a
utilization rate that's going to be
strong enough. Are the agents behaving
in a way that you want them to behave
and have they started to go awry and if
they haven't started consuming way too
many tokens, how can you intercept that?
And then making sure that you you have a
constant pulse and are observing the
cost of tokens on an ongoing basis.
These are kind of tools and apparatus
that will actually continue to start
getting built up over time,
as the industry matures. So, the this
isn't something that I would panic over,
but this is something that would
definitely be paying a lot of attention
to.
>> G 2, should we be panicking over this
factoid in your research? A single
agentic task generates 450%
more traffic than a human doing the
equivalent work.
>> So, this is a really interesting
statistic, because what's happening
right now is you're you're seeing that
we are entering into a networking super
cycle.
These agents and they work 7 by 24,
and they're constantly kind of, you
know, it's
they are very consumptive on their
capacity to consume infrastructure and
specifically network bandwidth. And so,
what we have to do is what you're
starting to see is because of this very
high consumptive behavior, you're seeing
very very different models that are
starting to emerge. And when I say
models, I mean very different ways that
people are starting to operate.
Up until now, inferencing has only
happened in the data center. What you're
now starting to see is inferencing is
going to be everywhere. In fact,
you know, what you're what you're seeing
is people have a new category of
computing that's starting to emerge,
which is called desk-side computing,
where you might actually be sitting as a
human with your laptop on your desk, but
on the side, you might have a Mac mini
or you might have a Nvidia PC or an AMD
PC that just has these agents running.
That's for
that's for the agents. And the reason
that that's happening is because
token costs are high, and you're
starting to see a tremendous amount of
kind of distribution of
of inference costs all over.
>> [music]
>> G 2, thank you so much for your time
this morning. Cisco President G 2 Patel.
Coming up in the program, Andrew
Hollenhorst [music] of Citi on how the
Fed could still cut rates this year.
>> It's a 16
>> Welcome back to Bloomberg Surveillance.
Let's take a listen to the president
speaking right now at the G7.
>> We've been both involved. I think
they're going to want to get it done.
Iran wants to get it done. They have to
get back to business.
And the relationship is now normalized.
So, I think it's going to go pretty
quick listing.
Could go faster. Could take longer, too,
but it could go faster.
>> There's so much interest in the text of
the document. Why not Why not release
the document?
>> Oh, I will.
>> Why not release it before
>> Well, because I
I'd like to get a formal setting first
before we do that. But, I have no
problem with that. It's good document.
It is what it says.
Iran will never have a nuclear weapon.
That's what it says. It won't have one
to buy, to develop.
They will not have a nuclear weapon.
And I would say that's about 99.9% of
what I wanted.
Cuz we couldn't let that happen. You
couldn't let that happen.
Uh and they won't have a nuclear weapon.
Now, in addition to that, the strait is
going to be open toll free.
And it's toll free beyond the 60 days.
It's not Somebody said, "Oh, it's toll
free for 60" No, no. It's toll free,
period.
When it opens permanently, it'll be toll
free.
Uh
I want to congratulate our Navy because
the naval blockade was unbelievable.
But, uh I will Actually, I'll not only
release it.
I'll probably have a press conference
and read it to you word by word so that
the press covers it accurately.
Because it's a
it's a very important document and
uh unlike Obama who
could have destroyed the Middle East
with a horrible
JCPOA.
It is the worst agreement. That was a
road to a nuclear weapon. Mine is a wall
against a nuclear weapon.
I mean, I see these people say, "But we
already had one."
That was the worst. He paid a fortune
for it. We paid nothing. We don't pay
There was some statement we're going to
spend $300 million. No.
We're not We're allowed to go and invest
if we wanted to someday in the future.
We have no obligation whatsoever. It
could be that Iran will turn out to be
successful and they have oil.
But uh
if we left
a week ago,
just left before the last two attacks,
it would have taken them 20 years to
rebuild Iran.
So, but I'll go over the document with
the
media
in a couple of days.
>> Mr. President, a few weeks back you said
you'd like to see other nations join the
Abraham Accords much like the UAE has.
Um have there been any discussions with
Arab leaders about that?
>> About what?
>> Joining the Abraham Accords like the UAE
has.
>> Well, I'd love to have them. Is this is
a man who's very advanced.
He was early in and
he's done very well with them, the whole
the Abraham Accords.
Uh no, it's uh
I think I think they should happen. The
big The big impediment to the Abraham
Accords, we have our original countries,
very smart countries. They're every one
of them. Do you notice that even during
that period of conflict, nobody dropped
out. Nobody said, "Oh gee, I'm going to
drop out." Nobody.
Um
I think they're all going to come in now
into the Abraham Accords. The only
conflict was a place called Iran.
And I understand that, you know, it's a
little bit tough when people were afraid
of Iran.
Uh so, but I think they're going to all
start coming in.
Good question, actually.
>> Mr. President, what do you say to
Republicans like Senator Lindsey Graham
who is skeptical of the MOU?
Um
to
>> Lindsey is skeptical?
>> Yes.
>> I'll have to talk to Lindsey. He'll be
in big trouble.
Lindsey's good. Lindsey's fine. He's not
skeptical. He's just fine.
Look,
this agreement covers something very
nicely.
We're not paying for anything. We're not
doing anything. The markets now are
higher than they were when we started.
Remember that. The stock market now is
2,500, maybe even more than that, points
higher than it was when we said so. It's
pretty amazing.
Um
this agreement's about one thing, that
Iran will never have a nuclear weapon.
Never, ever, ever.
The rest of it's irrelevant, frankly.
>> Senator Graham also said that an
eventual agreement with Iran should be
uh sent to Congress for review. Would
you do that?
>> I never thought of it, but I would.
I wouldn't mind. I mean, you know, the
Democrats are you know, we call them
Democrats cuz they're dumb people.
The Democrats are
Well, what I'd like to do is send it to
Congress saying you shouldn't approve
it, and I'll get it approved.
>> [laughter]
>> Whatever they Whatever I say they want
to do the opposite.
Uh it's not working too well for them,
by the way.
But yeah, I would I never thought about
saying it. I never even thought about
it, but I will. I will send it to
Congress. I like the idea.
>> Are you On another topic,
>> I mean, who wouldn't approve it? Let's
Let's let them have a nuclear weapon.
The Democrats will say, "Oh, they should
have a nuclear weapon." They'll go
crazy. I like the idea. Send it to
Congress, please. All right?
>> Mr. President, were you briefed on the
attack attack plans for the UFC event at
the White House?
There was the FBI forwarded an attack.
>> I haven't heard about it, no. But I
watched The attack that I watched were
the fighters.
>> [laughter]
>> And he saw it, too, by the way. He was
sitting back home in his beautiful
palace, and he was watching it.
And they were as good a fights as I've
ever seen, right?
>> fight.
>> The best. They were That last fight was
brutal.
>> Wow.
>> And the two last All of the fights were
good.
>> the two fights were good.
>> It was all good. It was a great evening.
It was very different for the White
House, but
I wish you could have been there. They
We built an incredible arena.
Dana did a great job.
>> going to be another fight next year or
something?
>> Well, I don't know. It's
>> [laughter]
>> We got away with it after you get 250
years, you know.
Maybe in another 50, maybe in 300.
>> [laughter]
>> Are you considering increase on
sanctions on Russia and whether to renew
or
>> Well, soon we'll be able to do that
because the oil is now flowing.
So, we we put we took sanctions off
because obviously we're not looking to
impede the oil. So, we're in a position
to do that soon.
>> Let Let them laugh.
>> Yeah. At some point.
>> Mr. President, I have a question.
>> Yes.
>> Um regarding the state
>> What a nice-looking person. Is he from
your country? Is he from your country?
>> Absolutely.
>> No, he has such a nice way about him. My
people are so so mean.
Look at him. He's a handsome guy. I
could put him in Be careful. No, I could
put him in I could put him in a movie
right now. Go ahead.
>> Mr. President, how can we make sure that
straight forwardness is lasting for open
for lasting and navigation in the
future?
>> Have a United States with a strong
president.
It's the only way [clears throat] you
can do it, I guess. When you think we
have all the agreements you want.
Agreements for bad people don't mean
anything.
Um
Look, we were the ones that blockaded
the sea. They blockaded it.
And we then said, "Well, we blockaded it
for them so they didn't get any
oil."
You're going to need to have, and this
is true with a lot of things,
if you have a strong president of the
United States, a lot of good things can
happen.
Yeah.
You know that better than anybody,
right?
>> Absolutely.
>> You know it better than anybody.
>> Stability of the Middle East. worth.
>> Can you talk a little bit more about the
plan for the enriched uranium that is in
the mountain side?
>> Yeah, we do. We'll take it.
>> Iran has Iran said they would welcome
the US coming in. What How specific is
that?
>> Iran Iran will be just fine. What's
happening is that at an appropriate
time, there's no rush at all.
We have cameras from space on it. We
know everybody that goes there, which is
like nobody.
Uh the B-2 bombers hit it. The entire
mountain collapsed inside it.
It's a very tough excavation. Nobody
else can do it but us and probably
China. They have the equipment. We have
the equipment.
Uh we're in no rush, but we get it and
when we get it, we'll destroy it.
>> Is that part of the
>> looking to take it. We're looking to
destroy it. We have plenty of it.
>> Tell the Versailles dinner tomorrow
night. What prompted you to go to that?
>> The dinner is tomorrow night in
Versailles.
>> So, well,
I'm a fan of beautiful places.
And I was leaving in the afternoon.
And then the French president, who
happens to be a very nice man,
invited me to dinner
at Versailles.
And Versailles is not a gold leaf.
Versailles is the real deal.
And I said I'd like to do it. I mean,
you know, all it means is that
I get home later in the evening, meaning
earlier in the morning.
And I'm not a big sleeper anyway. I'll
be in the Oval Office very
I won't I won't lose any time in the
Oval Office. So,
I have to say this, our country is doing
really well. We're doing better than
we've ever done as a country. Stock
markets are highest. Everything's
highest. 401ks
are the highest they've ever been by
25%.
And we're doing really well. And now
you're going to see prices coming down.
You know, when I took over,
prices were very high. We had the worst
inflation in the history of our country.
Prices were high. Eggs were high. Bacon
was high. Everything was high.
And the first question I got asked,
"What about affordability?" I did a news
conference one day after I took over,
and these people said, "What about
affordability?" I said, "I didn't cause
it,
but I'm bringing it down. And now with
the
fuel going way down, you saw it
yesterday went down $6,
with fuel going down,
as goes fuel, so goes everything.
I've always seen that, right? Fuel,
you're in a very good business.
Because as goes fuel, so goes
everything. Fuel is dropping.
It's now in the 70s per barrel.
And I think we'll get it down. What I I
say I was in Iowa,
and we had great victories in Iowa.
And when I left, I noticed at a gas
station, $1.85 a gallon.
That's where we were. It's a little bit
higher generally, but I saw
two stations, $1.85, one had $1.91.
And you know, we're going to get around
those levels, so
very honored. Thank you very much,
everybody.
>> That was the president of the United
States speaking alongside UAE leader
Mohammed bin Zayed. And he was ending
there, Danny, talking about how oil
prices are in the 70s. And we have seen
this morning Brent crude drop below $80
a barrel, something we have not seen
since March. And we have New York crude
now trading even lower, down nearly %
this morning, $76.96.
Of course, this is the president
continuously talks about the Strait of
Hormuz opening shortly, this deal to be
signed, a memorandum of understanding on
Friday. But of course, the other worry
for many people in this market is that
we are running on inventories, and this
could be a messy reopening.
>> It's not stopping the oil price though.
It really is not. It's so amazing to
look at the price of Brent crude go
under $80 a barrel and your point the
president talking about it saying that
oil is at $70, but will he face this
disconnect of where he talks about the
economy doing well oil prices coming in
401ks higher than they've ever been and
still a populace that feels disconnected
and discontent rather and worried about
affordability. For now though it's a
president that clearly they're taking a
victory lap on this idea that we will
get a memorandum of understanding signed
on Friday.
>> Absolutely. Andrew Hollenhorst of
Citigroup is writing is joining us right
now and he writes Chair Warsh can make a
dovish case at this week's FOMC leaving
eventual rate cuts on the table. Andrew,
can he make that dovish case because of
where oil prices are trading today? Is
that part of the calculus?
>> it gives him a lot more flexibility.
This is really a huge deal for oil
markets for energy markets, but also for
interest rates and what the Fed might
do. If you think about the balance of
risk around inflation since late
February the discussion has been upside
risk to inflation energy prices that are
moving higher. Energy prices now down
significantly this morning likely to
continue to fall. Gasoline is going to
follow oil prices lower. So this
inflationary pressure has now reversed
and become a deflationary pressure. Can
Chair Warsh fully pivot to that all at
this meeting? It's probably going to
take a couple meetings. It's probably
going to take weeks of discussion and
rhetoric, but it gives him that opening
this week.
>> If you think he's going to be dovish,
does that mean they retain the easing
bias?
>> No, I think that they are going to
remove the easing bias. I think that
their dots are going to show no cuts
this year. That's pretty well expected.
I think that's already in the price. I
am interested in how Warsh message
messages around that. There's a hawkish
way to do it where you would say, well,
we're removing the easing bias because
we might be hiking. That would be very
hawkish. What I think Warsh will do is
say, there's tremendous uncertainty. We
had oil prices that went up
significantly. Now there's a possibility
that they will come down even more
significantly than they already have and
we just shouldn't be providing this much
forward guidance. That's been Warsh's
position. So, I think that's a more
dovish way to talk about removing that
easing bias.
>> Is that a benefit or is that a bad thing
for this market to get less forward
guidance, to have more volatility in it?
Is that a useful tool or is that a
problem for this Fed if there is more
bond market volatility?
>> I I think forward guidance is really
useful when you're stuck at the lower
bound on interest rates and you're
trying to guide the market that you're
not going to be engaging in more hawkish
policy. You want to ease conditions.
That's really why forward guidance was
originally envisioned. That's why it
came into the Fed's toolkit. Where we
are now, I would kind of agree with the
statement I made about the uncertainty
around what what's going on in the
economy, what's going on with oil
prices. So, I think it would actually be
good for the Fed to have that
flexibility here.
>> Do you think the entirety of the Fed
will be on board with that with this
different style of communication? Will
they listen to a Chair Warsh if he says,
"Maybe don't go out there and talk to
the media as much?"
>> Yeah, this is not something that Warsh
is going to be able to control from the
top. Just the structure of the Fed
itself, the regional Fed presidents, a
lot of independence to go out there and
talk. So, I don't think he's going to
try to impose kind of a top-down
constraint on how people talk about
things. But just in terms of the formal
messaging, in terms of what we hear at
the press conference, all of the Fed
officials speak, Chair Warsh speaks with
the loudest voice.
>> Well, but this is something that John
has talked about. John Ferro talked
about on this program. If you don't get
that clear messaging from the chair,
it just is taken up by the mantle of all
the different Fed and regional governors
and presidents. Is that not a risk that
he just loses control of the messaging
and seeds it to other members of the
FOMC?
>> Yeah, this is a balance that every new
chair needs to figure out in terms of
their messaging versus the individual
Fed officials messaging. How much will
Warsh be reflecting the committee view
at this press conference? How much will
be he be reflecting his own view? I
think what Warsh is quite adept at
doing, and I think what we'll see is
trying to kind of bring things together
into some kind of consensus and at least
be talking about the the possibilities
of where policy could go from here.
>> Andrew, the market's looking at hikes.
You still think we're going to get cuts?
Three cuts this year. When when can we
see these cuts start?
>> I think the only reason we're talking
about hikes is because oil prices went
higher. So now that oil prices are going
lower, I feel a lot more comfortable
that we won't be getting these hikes. Um
when we get the cuts, in our base case
we have the Fed cutting in September.
That would involve the labor market data
looking significantly softer over the
next several months. That happened in
2024 over the summer, 2025 over the
summer. If that pattern repeats in 2026,
that's how we have them cutting this
year. If we don't get that weaker labor
market data, I think it probably is a
longer discussion. Those cuts could be
coming even in 2027. Max Layton, our
commodity strategist, talking about a
surplus of oil in 2027 now. So we could
even get a further disinflation in that
year.
>> What about the fact though, and Danny's
been talking about this a lot, the fact
that the AI trade is inflationary at
least in the beginning?
>> This is another area where I think Warsh
could do something very interesting and
nuanced in terms of how he messages
around that. So yes, absolutely, prices
for computer memory for instance are
skyrocketing because this is just in
short supply and everybody wants it
right now. What Warsh can say is yes,
these prices are going up. The reason
these prices are going up is because
there is expected stronger productivity
growth coming in the future. You want to
invest in these technologies now to
drive that future productivity growth.
Ultimately that's disinflationary in the
future when you get the productivity
growth. If we constrain investment now,
we're actually
increasing inflation in the future by
not allowing that productivity to
happen.
>> he has he has talked about this point
before about the AI and the productivity
and what that means for the ability to
lower rates. Andrew, this idea has been
really swirling around that at some
point we need to stop talking about the
price of oil, about what the consumer is
doing, that AI is the new macro, that
that's all that matters for the overall
picture of this economy. How much do you
subscribe to that viewpoint?
>> It's not all that matters, but it is a
big chunk of it right now. If I look at
just GDP growth and I add up the
components of GDP growth, about half of
it is accounted for AI-related
investment right now. So, that really is
driving this economy. And then in terms
of the jobs picture, I think that's just
a big unanswered question. And I I don't
think any individual economist, or maybe
all of us together, can answer this
question. How quickly will this
technology continue to advance? How will
that change the way that people look at
hiring in the job market? It's a big
open question.
>> Andrew, thank you so much for your time
this morning. We look forward to seeing
your analysis following Kevin Warsh's
first meeting. Andrew Hollenhorst there
of Citi. Up next on the program,
Catherine Rooney Vera of StoneX Group on
what rising valuations mean for the
equity rally. You're watching Bloomberg
Surveillance. [music]
>> [snorts]
>> The market, of course, has been used to
having very well-anchored expectations
around the dot plot. It may be anchoring
expectations, but the standard deviation
of those expectations also get a lot of
attention. We don't know which dot is
the future dot. So, that also makes it
more complicated.
>> That was Torsten Slok of Apollo as we
look ahead to Kevin Warsh's first
meeting as Fed chair. This morning in
the markets, all attention really now
focused on the oil market, Brent [music]
crude, below $80 a barrel, the first
time this has happened since March 3rd.
Of course, this is even as the Strait of
Hormuz is closed. The president said it
will reopen on Friday. But, Danny, it's
pretty staggering to see this
given the fact that we also have another
headline about the US emergency supply
of crude. The SPR has fallen fallen to
its lowest [music] level since 1983. So,
it's shocking that we see just crude
falling so much this morning and New
York crude with a $77 handle. [music]
>> Right, cuz you're going to have an
automatic buyer for this. You're going
to have the need to refill these
stockpiles. I will say though, Michael
Ball from our M live team made a really
interesting point.
>> [music]
>> And that is maybe demand is not as high
as we thought it was. That maybe was
much lower that you have China, their
ability to turn around and not use
fossil fuels, that that has been enough.
So, if the demand level is actually much
lower than we thought. If we get this
rally, maybe it could really pick up
steam. He says that maybe the fair price
of oil is something between 40 and 50
dollars. [music]
>> Well, we're going to have to see exactly
how quickly we will get product moving
through the Strait of Hormuz. Stocks
this morning hovering near record highs
following a tech-fueled rally. Katherine
Rooney Vera of StoneX writing, "The
valuation math works only if earnings
keep rising or Treasury yields fall."
Katherine joins us now. Well, Katherine,
which one do you think it's going to be?
We do have yields a little bit lower
this morning. Potentially, the market
breathing a little bit of a sigh of
relief that potentially we're at the end
of the road here when it comes to
conflict in Iran.
>> Yeah, hi. I'm not bearish. I think it's
still a bull market and earnings are
still growing and that's the basis of
this rally and that's a good thing. But,
the market is extrapolating, I think,
first quarter spectacular earnings of
28% through the oh year over year
through the rest of this year. We have
really do have a lot of headwinds.
Equities near record highs in a time
that I truly believe, Amara, that the
the the the Fed tomorrow
is going to be pull pulling the rug out
from the easing bias. So, when you have
a Fed that's not going to cut, but I've
been calling this since January, the
real risk is a hike. I think that's
going to happen this year. Combine that
with equity risk premium, which is
effectively zero versus the 10-year
Treasury, then you have forward earnings
yield now I'm
at parity with the tenure. Um so you're
taking equity volatility and getting
paid virtually nothing for it. So I
think the rally has already front run
the earnings uh growth. Um and I think
that uh you know, we we're we're in for
a very volatile rest of the year.
>> The earnings growth though has been
remarkable, Katherine. I mean, it feels
like nothing can stop this, especially
as we rethink sectors like semis that
maybe they're not cyclical anymore and
the growth continues. Why can't we
continue to get that type of earnings
growth upgrade to help power this equity
market forward?
>> Well, since the end of the first
quarter, Danny, you know, analysts have
raised their expectations for S&P
earnings for the rest of the year nearly
10% and the index has risen more it has
risen more than that. So investors have
already paid up
for the stream of earnings that they're
expecting. So
you need to get earnings that surprise
to continue to surprise the upside
in the face of a market that I think is
going to increasingly price in
um what I think is
very likely going to be potentially more
than one rate hike. My team member John
Hill does a does a survey of former Fed
officials. And out of approximately 32
of them, the overwhelming majority
expect 50 basis points in rate hikes
this year. Um there's only one former
Fed official that's expecting a rate
cut. So
you know,
I think that I agree with Andrew you're
you're from city that you know, if we
get a rate cut, it's only because we get
unemployment moving materially higher.
We're not seeing that. Um we're seeing
unemployment remain very low and that's
a coincident and and it supports my view
which I felt since the beginning of the
year, which is that the real risk here
is not stagflation. The real risk is
overheating of the US economy. We have
multiple quarters of economic growth
above potential with a 6% fiscal deficit
with
with with the consumer remaining
remarkably strong. You know, I think
it's it's a long shot to call for a rate
cut this year.
>> Katherine, thank you so much for your
time this morning. Katherine Rooney Vera
of StoneX Group. Of course, Danny,
markets divided. City saying three cuts
potentially this [music] year. Markets
pricing in a hike. Katherine says Fed
officials say hike, too.
>> Yeah, I mean this yeah correct. This
bond market still has a way to go to
price out anything [music] like that
even though we have this deal potential
in hand.
>> Danny, thank you so much for joining me.
Lisa will be back tomorrow. Jonathan
will be off. Coming up at 10:30 a.m. you
don't want to miss this conversation.
Lisa sitting down with the RBC CEO.
[music]